File created at: 1522692519
Subreddit: BitcoinMarkets
Submission title: Kraken Bitcoin Exchange. Support ticket open 137 days (and counting), can't withdraw my money, "support" couldn't care less
Submission created utc: 1522621273
Submission score: 1
comments: (level	created_utc	comment_score	comment_body)

0	1522630415	1	Hi Laci Picea, if you will not comply with our agent's repeated requests for identification we cannot assist you any further, I'm sorry. 
1	1522675295	1	> Hi Lari_Picea, we are aware of your ticket and are working to a resolution. From Adam, three days ago: "Hi Lari_Picea, we are aware of your ticket and are working to a resolution."And how's that coming along? Because although he claims here, on Reddit, that you are working to a resolution I haven't heard anything about that in email. See, three days ago the answer wasn't "You haven't complied," it was "We're aware and working on it."So you'll forgive me if your shifting stories have made me hesitant to believe anything any of you say,
1	1522630757	0	Yeah, see, I sent your stupid request for a photo. So now what? You get to keep my money? Your repeated requests for identification? I offered to send you an affidavit. Good enough for the federal courts but not for Kraken? I never got a response about that. Maybe you don't know what an affidavit is? Bottom line is that any other company would have taken care of this long ago. By this time it would already have reached a person whose job it is to close this nonsense and get it off the desk. But Kraken just continues sitting on their hands, lying, and sometimes making smug and arrogant comments.  
2	1522641406	3	Something seems off, what kind of photo are you submitting?  Is it a government issued ID?  You're obviously not falling through the cracks here, you have their attention. What do you need an affidavit for, to swear you're you because.....  because why?  
3	1522657269	2	The one and only way, without any exception whatsoever, that Kraken feels they can prove an identity is with their ridiculous ID confirmation photo. After going through a series of questions that spanned several days, that turned out to be a total waste of time when they told me to just submit the ID confirmation photo. I did that. Then they told me to submit it again and I found that to be arbitrary and capricious. I've done everything requested of me. But when the requests get arbitrary and the goalposts get moved and I get treated like a dog being commanded to do the same trick over and over again, I find that there needs to be some principle somewhere. I've done my part. They, for no good reason that I can see other than I've offended their self righteousness, have decided that if I won't repeat the stupid ID confirmation photo, AGAIN, then I can't have my money. They say they need to prove my identity. Because maybe someone else has stolen my laptop and been making a fuss about this for the past 137 days. Did someone also steal my address that they have on file along with my phone number that they have on file and the password for my email address? Because those things were enough for Coinbase. I offered and then requested my account just be closed and funds sent in a check to my address. No answer. I have offered to go to a notary and take a sworn affidavit, with my ID, under penalty of perjury, so that they can rest assured that I am who I say I am. No answer. I have asked that if what they are saying is that without submitting ANOTHER id confirmation photo that their policy is to then keep my money without being able to offer me any other option. No answer. The point here is my money, which I have earned. But it has also become about their refusal to answer simple questions and the very fact that so many people are waiting nearly a year for a ticket to be resolved. It's become about a company that quite clearly feels they are the king, not to be questioned by the lowly commoners. They act as though they have impunity to do as they wish, to act above the law. It is about them blatantly lying on social media, saying I didn't provide my ticket number, which I take is either a taunt or just a sign of incompetence but either way it's not the right way to treat customers. I just want to close my account. That should be be as onerous and take as long as it has. This is not complicated stuff. I'll say, lastly, to check out Reddit and Twitter and you'll see that there are many, many others like me. I'm not going to just let them treat me and their other small time customers this poorly without trying to shine a light on their actions. 
4	1522677518	2	Why can't you submit the ID photo again? Are they looking for an additional ID that you don't have?
5	1522679526	1	I understand being mad about this but this guy is going about this all wrong. Why is he refusing to send ID again? If he wants his funds he should be calm and follow instructions, they're clearly attempting to help him.
2	1522639881	2	i think there is more to this story but for readers in the future .. terms of service are not law and do not provide the business entity license to fraud. There is plenty of case law around that, i would sue under those terms. seeks legal advise of of course. 
3	1522640705	1	I have searched Pacer's database for suits brought against Kraken (or Payward, Inc, the parent company). Each one that I can remember was stayed pending Kraken's granted motion to compel arbitration. I spend at least 90 minutes a day reading statutes and will be getting into case law this week. But I have little hope that the arbitration clause can be overcome. And I'm not accusing them of fraud, which is an extremely difficult thing to prove in a civil case anyway. 
