File created at: 1522953635
Subreddit: btc
Submission title: AMA: Ask Mike Anything
Submission created utc: 1522929954
Submission score: 291
comments: (level	created_utc	comment_score	comment_body)

0	1522932585	86	Thanks Mike for doing this AMA and for all your past contributions to Bitcoin. I vividly remember many of the events you described, it's a shame that much of the later events helped to drive you away from Bitcoin. I know you said you aren't 'coming back' but just being a part of the community discussions, maybe even lending some advice here or there, would go a long way and would be much appreciated if you have the time. Thanks. 
1	1522941189	23	I completely agree with this.  Mike, even if you don't touch BCH related code, your opinions and insight are very much appreciated here.  I feel like much of the BCH community is so deep in the weeds that it's hard for us to see big picture stuff that would be immediately clear to you.  Please drop in periodically and tell us how we can do better.  
1	1522943385	6	Same. I see he's very active on Reddit anyway, and even though he stated his lack of interest in dealing with Bitcoin-related projects, it would be nice to see him give occasional advice on r/btc, like Gavin.
0	1522933058	34	Hi Mike, I'm glad to see you around here.I do wish you'd reconsider your decision to not return to coin dev but I certainly understand it! You fought the good fight and for that you'll be remembered fondly.When you wrote your exit blogpost, it appears that you were prophetic in understanding that the upgrade path chosen by BCH (minority hard fork chain split) would be doomed to second class citizenship.  This was before even the eth/etc split. But you didn't really explain *why* this approach wouldn't succeed in your exit piece, it was just baked in as an assumption because your position was "all or nothing hard fork upgrade" and you never seriously considered a minority chain split.How did you "know" that a minority chain split couldn't flip the majority chain? What assumptions, if any, have you revised since the Ethereum and Bitcoin chain splits?Follow up question but just as important: in your opinion, what's BCH doing wrong / needs to do very differently?
1	1522941472	17	Well, the sort of split BCH did is incredibly costly. You need new wallets, exchanges have to list the new currency, you need new miners, you need to build a new p2p network with a new set of nodes, new development team, new merchants and payment processors (or convert the existing ones) etc. You basically start over from scratch except for the open source code.So that was why we didn't consider it back then. If the situation reached the point of requiring it, that was the same thing as saying that Bitcoin's decentralisation had failed. So then why bother?
2	1522942642	17	Haven't we technically succeeded though, at least for now? We have managed to clamour back to what we had before. Yes, by market cap we are not number one, but we did manage to build out the whole ecosystem again from scratch.
3	1522947875	7	And in only 8 months.
4	1522948390	16	Yes. The speed with which Bitcoin Cash has recovered infrastructure and rebuilt community is impressive.
2	1522942629	26	>So that was why we didn't consider it back then. If the situation reached the point of requiring it, that was the same thing as saying that Bitcoin's decentralisation had failed. So then why bother?Because turning monolithic Bitcoin into two competing variants isn't a failure of decentralization but rather it is a success of permissionlessness.I think what failed is the vision of monolithic Bitcoin.BTW I hope you don't find my disagreements too combative. I'm not trying to change your mind, but rather to lay out the counter-position for people reading this discussion. Thank you deeply for being here and also for you innumerable contributions over the years.
3	1522944760	13	> BTW I hope you don't find my disagreements too combative. I'm not trying to change your mind, but rather to lay out the counter-position for people reading this discussion.Not at all. Thanks for doing so. I don't mind in the slightest.
4	1522945818	-6	Mike, I get the feeling that you have experienced some other form of trauma in your life (Bitcoin unrelated). This is just based on body language etc. I just hope this is not effecting your views on all this. That aside, thanks for your contributions and great respect!
5	1522946413	-5	I also think people saw you as a bit dictatorial in this argument and feared that. What are your views on this?
6	1522946959	-6	I would personally be afraid if you were the lead developer of Bitcoin.
7	1522947928	7	oh no! Have you run out of medication again? You're ranting nonsensically to yourself! Someone get a nurse!  NURSE!
2	1522944339	-3	So instead just decide bitcoin is dead and run off? Do even you find it odd how much people basically worship you?
0	1522932052	26	Hi Mike! Firstly I want to thank you for all the work you did on Bitcoin during the first years. I'm sorry for the way the community treated you and good luck with your future projects!My question... in your article you wrote this:> Why has the capacity limit not been raised? Because the block chain is controlled by Chinese miners, just two of whom control more than 50% of the hash power. At a recent conference over 95% of hashing power was controlled by a handful of guys sitting on a single stage. The miners are not allowing the block chain to grow.It seems the miners seem to be mostly supportive of Bitcoin Cash (with the exception of Slushpool) and openly write positive things about it. It seems to only be Bitcoin Core / Blockstream who are against it.Looking back now, do you think that you think that you may have given too much of the blame to the miners and not enough blame to the Bitcoin Core team?
1	1522935360	54	No. The causes were complex and essentially psychological. Let's say that the miners didn't behave in the way they should, and nor did most of the community, and that left an opening that a small minority of developers were able to exploit to take it over.In such a situation, who is at fault? Was the problem the weakness of the community? Or those who exploited it? Or both?The most critical problem for cryptocurrency in general is that Bitcoin's design rests on three assumptions that have been invalidated:1. The price of the currency will be proportional to utility.2. Miners are economically rational actors who will maximise utility because they want to maximise the price.3. The other participants in the system are also economically rational and will evaluate decisions based on what's best for the long term.In fact the price went up even as the utility of the system collapsed, due to any utility signal being swamped by speculative capital, and miners turned out to be economically irrational - their primary desire was to follow orders, not maximise their long term returns. I spent *significant* amounts of time trying to persuade miners to raise the block size limit towards the end of 2015 and they refused to do so because they were terrified of anything that might be perceived as disobedience to authority. We can debate what the cause of that is - at the time I wondered if it was related to China being a communist dictatorship - but ultimately western miners were not much better.To understand the root causes of all this you must read Sowell. It isn't optional. "A Conflict Of Visions" explains why societies split into two camps that fight each other, again and again. We normally recognise this in the context of national politics as left wing vs right wing, but in the Bitcoin community this same conflict arose as Big vs Small Blockers, in Ethereum as Classic vs Original, in Russia as Red vs White, and in the UK in recent years it has been Leave vs Remain. All these conflicts are typified by the same characteristics:* Bitter, enduring conflicts between two opposing camps of roughly equal size who can never make up.* Very different attitudes towards perceived experts, intellectuals, towards academic qualifications etc.* A win-at-any-cost mentality by one of the camps.* Different views on the validity of the preferences of the majority / "will of the people" etc.The reason they are so similar is because they share the same root cause, a root cause that traces to a disagreement about the span of human nature. Societies split into two camps because ultimately the underlying disagreement is over a unidimensional variable, so disagreement runs along a 1-dimension spectrum.These conflicts cannot be avoided but they can be contained and channelled. If the Bitcoin community doesn't establish systems for containing this conflict it will arise again over some issue that appears superficially different to the block size debate, but underneath looks much the same.
2	1522936131	14	> The most critical problem for cryptocurrency in general is that Bitcoin's design rests on three assumptions that have been invalidated:> The price of the currency will be proportional to utility.> Miners are economically rational actors who will maximise utility because they want to maximise the price.> The other participants in the system are also economically rational and will evaluate decisions based on what's best for the long term.I would rather say Bitcoin design didn't took in to account how powerful is communication propaganda & censorship which leaded to irrational behaviour, that said that was hard to predict…
3	1522937045	34	Indeed. Coordination was rather handwaved away as a problem that could be solved through the block chain itself. The white paper says:>  Any needed rules and incentives can be enforced with this consensus mechanism.So Satoshi understood that his invention could be generalised, but didn't do so.Perhaps the top priority for the Bitcoin Cash community should be to find a replacement for reddit. It doesn't have to be fully peer to peer or decentralised, but a forum which had a different approach to community moderation might be a help. For example, no downvoting allowed, and some limits on the power of moderators and admins.In hindsight I wonder if it was so hard to predict. Nobody *did* predict it so in some trivial sense it was hard. But if you look at the history of anarchic communities - which Bitcoin certainly was and to some extent still is - they don't stay anarchic for long. Someone always seizes power. Nature abhors a power vacuum. By refusing to fill that vacuum with systems, it was perhaps inevitable that it would be filled by individuals instead.
4	1522942547	9	Thanks for the great AMA, Mike. I think https://www.yours.org/ has got a great thing going. It seems a lot of BCH discussion has been happening there, with votes being tied to real money (BCH).Edit: Saw you got tipped $2 and will be checking the site out. Cheers!
4	1522941811	6	> Someone always seizes power. Nature abhors a power vacuum. By refusing to fill that vacuum with systems, it was perhaps inevitable that it would be filled by individuals instead.And thus, Core + Theymos. :/
4	1522943791	3	> Perhaps the top priority for the Bitcoin Cash community should be to find a replacement for reddit. It doesn't have to be fully peer to peer or decentralised, but a forum which had a different approach to community moderation might be a help.We have patchwork on secure scuttlebot. Each user/peer maintains its own state, there is no globalism, the network is designed with built in anti-consensus. No need for censorship aka moderation. The spamming is filtered by every users/peers social network - you will receive messages/posts from those you follow and not more. Yes you can live in your filter bubble, and you can always request different opinions.Patchwork works offline, through LAN, over various meshnets like cjdns and pidgeon net if required.
4	1522948218	1	were you involved in a similar project lighthouse or something?
2	1522938927	10	>...three assumptions that have been invalidated:>1. The price of the currency will be proportional to utility&nbsp;> In fact the price went up even as the utility of the system collapsed, due to any utility signal being swamped by speculative capitalIn the short term, yes, this factor sure looks as if it has been violated. Utility *should* be proportional to value. Why wasn't it?The following phrase comes to mind: "**The market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent**". It's all about the scope of time we are looking at. Yes, in December, the market was highly irrational in the *short term*.In the long term (several or many years) the above rules you stated may still very well hold true.
3	1522943581	2	> Why wasn't it?Because the utility of Bitcoin is not only in the fact that it is money. Bitcoin's central tenet of value is that it is a p2p communication system that holds value, but more importantly, is divorced from any one state. 
4	1522945772	5	However during Dec 2017 when the price rose, Bitcoin was at its *least* valuable moment as a p2p communication system. It had outrageous fees and unpredictable confirmation times. If the market was rational, it would have quickly noted this and valued it accordingly.But, in accordance with the quote "the market can remain irrational longer than you can remain solvent", it seems it takes time for the market's rationality to catch up to the facts of the matter that BTC is not a very good p2p transfer of value.
5	1522946049	2	> However during Dec 2017 when the price rose, Bitcoin was at its least valuable moment of these qualities of a p2p communication system.No, you are missing the point.... You could also argue that Dec2017 was the point at which the most people started to understand that Bitcoin was a monetary system divorced from state. However, the rise in price was actually linked most likely to people speculating. It had nothing to do with the utility as a p2p payment system. If had all to do with the utility at the time being in Bitcoin being a high performing speculative asset. If anything, the backlog was mere evidence to newbies that the price would keep rising "because too many people were using it". The inherent value in Bitcoin, disregarding the irrational actors at the moment in time you talk of, is found in the fact that it's a system divorced from any one state. Whether or not the p2p system works faultlessly is a secondary concern.  
6	1522946586	3	I get what you're saying: The innovation of the blockchain itself and its freedom from any one state is the primary value proposition being brought to the table, and since more and more people found it, the value went up.The thing is: nothing changed about the quality of it being divorced from one state. That has been the case since 2009. Same with people speculating on it. That too has happened since it first gained value. But the one thing that *did* change was the *quality* of the p2p system. It has degraded. So the only saving grace to counter this is the fact that the media hype and word of mouth has brought in more people than the degraded state of the system lost. To put it another way: Where would we be today if the p2p system's performance was not a degrading factor? Even higher, I would imagine. But again, it takes time for the market to rationally realize this and value accordingly.
7	1522948645	1	Yes, just as the price rose in giant zigs and zags for years, now we have the added complication that the price rises happen in Bitcoin (Cash) and altcoins variously as hype cycles bring in waves of clueless newbies along with a smaller core of people that do get it. ICOs will sometime soon become the most hated investment class. When the pendulum swings back to flight to quality / value investing, as happens through the course of a bear market, BCH will be primed to skyrocket.
3	1522952448	1	>In the short term, yes, this factor sure looks as if it has been violated. Utility should be proportional to value. Why wasn't it?There is a good theory: The price of Bitcoin (and therefore the entire crypto market) was heavily manipulated by a powerful entity or group of people to the point where the price skyrocketed in an absurd way, which resulted in many people panic buying, which resulted in even stronger growth of the value.These entities could have pretty much sold at the peak.The current downward trend of the entire crypto market almost suggests that we are going towards the real value of Bitcoin, which is much lower than the bizarre 20k that we reached once.
2	1522938041	8	Actually, this is one of the potentially most significant contributions to the world coming from Blockchain technology.  In the past, governance / law was debated and a usually binary decision was made and enforced on the entire population.  That no longer has to be true.Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash show that disagreements can be ongoing and coexistent.  If there is uncertainty in the decision but sizable populations support both sides, let time and experimentation prove them out.  I'm not completely sure if LN will have great success in the short / long term to the point where Bitcoin can survive against competing cryptocurrencies, but I'm interested enough to support (hold both coins) through the hardfork and still today.
2	1522936592	6	> they were terrified of anything that might be perceived as disobedience to authorityTo what authority - the state? Why do we have to speculate - didn't they express the cause at any point?
3	1522937661	56	To whatever authority presented itself. In Bitcoin there is no state. So instead, the core developers became the authority.I don't know if you were around back then, but there were a few moments that crystallised this for me.The first was when we (myself and Gavin) launched Bitcoin XT. This made the news and there was a TV segment on Bloomberg. I was speaking at a conference in Sweden at the time so I couldn't take part and wasn't sure I wanted to anyway. Instead they ended up with a Core supporter on their talking heads panel. The main reason cited by the Core supporter for why he was opposed to Bitcoin XT was that "the Core developers have PhDs and neither Mike nor Gavin do". In fact the people they were referring to had PhDs in irrelevant subjects like computer graphics, and none had any experience of scaling consumer online services - whereas via Google I had plenty. But Google doesn't award PhDs so the value of that experience was zeroed out.This exchange sums up the mentality many had at the time: Bitcoin is *complex*, therefore it can only be understood by *experts*, therefore I should obey the instructions of experts even if they may superficially appear to be nonsense. But I am *not* an expert so how can I decide who is or is not an expert? I must rely on *proxies*, proxies like academic credentials, or whether their ideas sound clever when they speak, or whether other people who seem to be experts are agreeing with them.These signals are all heuristics and are all trivially gamed by people who understand psychology. Some people may remember the moment when suddenly lots of small blockers started calling themselves Dr This and Dr That. They had always had PhDs but never felt the need to use their titles before, but suddenly they all started doing so. You will also remember the loud insistence that "consensus" mattered and that bypassing the "consensus of experts" was a nasty trick that Gavin and I were trying to do, because we were in the minority (no citation offered). W.R.T. the miners specifically I called some of them via Skype before I decided to leave. One or two refused point blank to talk to me. One miner said he supported me, but couldn't be seen to do so in case it hurt the price. Another conversation went like this:> Miner: "We agree the block size should be raised and we agree Core is not going to do so.">> Me: "Great! So when will you start running XT?">> Miner: "We aren't going to run XT.">> Me: "Er, but you just said you agree with our policies and don't think Core will come around.">> Miner: "Yes, we agree that you are right, but we will never run anything except Core. To do that would be to leave the consensus.">> Me: "So - if everyone thinks like you do, and refuses to run anything except Core, then the maintainer of Core is effectively the CEO of Bitcoin. So what makes Bitcoin different to PayPal? How is that decentralised"There was a long silence at this point as if the miner had never considered this before. And eventually he just said, "We can't run XT, that'd be crazy. We will wait for Core to change their minds."That was the point where I decided it had all become a waste of my time. The vast majority of mining hash power was controlled by people who were psychologically incapable of disobedience to perceived authority.
4	1522944082	7	> The vast majority of mining hash power was controlled by people who were psychologically incapable of disobedience to perceived authority.Ill print this out in very big letters and install in my office with flowers and plants around it.
4	1522943404	4	One possible step towards mitigating this, I guess, is having large miners directly sponsor development teams (multiple competing ones, even). Thus the interests of the miners shall be more closely aligned with the developers, and we're seeing the early days of this on BCH.This of course can still fall prey to the tragedy of commons, just like any other open source development. What do you think of this model?
5	1522949294	3	Forking away was the only needed piece. Now it falls to investors, and yes investors can be irrational for quite a while, but what happens to the irrational investors over time? Their money gets taken by the rational ones. It's a maturation process; slow at first as there is so much noise mixed into the signal due to being confounded with the general trend of the world waking up to Bitcoin/"blockchain" as a huge deal, but faster as mainstream adoption approaches, confounding price surges become less common and less huge, and maturity begets maturity in a virtuous cycle of less noise and more comparative advantage for the rational investor looking at actual use cases and savvy to the economic and business realities people were able to ignore so long under cover of the endless influx of "holy shit blockchain is a thing gimme a piece!" investors.
4	1522946970	3	Thanks for the work you've done, and for doing this AMA!For some context, for those who weren't around when XT was announced:  Coinbase simply announced that they were testing XT nodes.  This sent the small-block folks into a melt down.  You would have thought Coinbase was killing babies or something (certainly not just testing an alternative client).This is why the miners and other economic parties stayed silent.  They all recognized and wanted larger blocks, but did not want to be the target of the all the hate.In retrospect, had those parties stood up to the small-blockers, it would have been clear that the ranting was just a very vocal minority of the community.
5	1522949436	5	Reddit is far more powerful a force than most people realize. 
4	1522947437	1	Why do you think they changed their minds in regards to bitcoin cash? 
4	1522951044	1	Did you consider doing a UAHF and forcing the hand of miners? After all, we know Bitcoin is a p2p network consensus of nodes and not a miner democracy.
5	1522951058	2	Redditor /u/prohcard has low karma in this subreddit.
4	1522953129	1	What do you think of Dash's model of governance where each vote requires a masternode with a collateral of 1000 dash? Is that sustainable?
5	1522953625	1	Not Mike, but I think it's susceptible to the same problems that democracy in general has, the rational ignorance of voters.
4	1522943805	1	I don't understand, after you have explained Sowel's theory in this thread, why you are rationalising, or demarcating as irrational, prior behaviour? 
2	1522939103	6	>The most critical problem for cryptocurrency in general is that Bitcoin's design rests on three assumptions that have been invalidated:>>1. The price of the currency will be proportional to utility.>>2. Miners are economically rational actors who will maximise utility because they want to maximise the price.>>3. The other participants in the system are also economically rational and will evaluate decisions based on what's best for the long term.I agree entirely that these assumptions exist, but disagree that these have been invalidated -- though I do agree that so far they have been deeply challenged. Where we disagree is on the meaning of "long term." In my opinion I think in years and decades where you are thinking in months and years.In short miners don't act rationally to people like you, because you're a lot smarter and think many steps ahead of the rest and get impatient quickly. I've been guilty of this too (in fact, this is the exact reason my first employer told me they almost didn't hire me).  Also, miners don't act rationally in the short term, but you can't paint the tape forever.The rest of your comment is extremely salient. Oddly, I see this as a validation of PoW / blockchains, with BCH being a clear example that fragmentation = freedom.Peace.
2	1522936349	4	Wouldn't a pessimist view like this refrain people from participating in any project? Because it seems like a widely applicable reason not to join in any project.
3	1522941325	7	No, why would it? The world is full of communities that successfully manage disagreement and stay together. Bitcoin just wasn't one of them.
4	1522949715	2	And didn't need to be one of them. In fact, other than coding resources being temporarily diluted (as I'm sure coders are keenly aware), splits over fundamental disagreements actually strengthen Bitcoin as they provide an opportunity for the people that ultimately control it - the investors - to rarify, that is, for the less savvy ones to lose money to the more savvy ones, making the decision-makers consist of those who are ever more intelligent and informed. In fits and starts, yes, but long term this is an inevitable outcome, the same way every natural order matures over time.
3	1522939230	7	Mike has given up on PoW systems, at least for now, and declared Bitcoin a failure.
2	1522948090	2	> A Conflict Of Visions"you sold me on this book. Just ordered it.  Core supporter here.
2	1522948214	2	That's one way to look at it. Another way is that the ecosystem was yet young and "the market is in the short term a popularity contest and in the long term a weighing machine" (a quote by someone famous). A split into two identical ledgers was just what was needed to remove the warring faction aspect while preserving all investors who wished to remain neutral. This is something decentralized ledger dynamics allow for that normal society does not.
2	1522950481	2	> In fact the price went up even as the utility of the system collapsed, due to any utility signal being swamped by speculative capitalaren't you assuming you know what the real price at utility should be? what makes you think you're not underestimating?
2	1522947549	1	> 1. The price of the currency will be proportional to utility.> 2. Miners are economically rational actors who will maximise utility because they want to maximise the price.> 3. The other participants in the system are also economically rational and will evaluate decisions based on what's best for the long term.In my opinion the fixed coin supply is significantly to blame for a lot of these problems.  Do you agree?
2	1522953414	1	Then the disagreement would be between those who need freedom and those who need authority, between those who suffice themselves and those who need others to survive, between the strong and the weak. The strong yearns for freedom, the weak is scared about freedom. But there doesn't ineluctably need to be a conflict, for the weak doesn't have to be scared about the strong if the strong doesn't want to subdue the weak, but to help the weak accomplish themselves and make their inner strength shine. Accomplishment doesn't have to be at the expense of others. To see these kind of conflicts as ineluctable is to see the problem but not the solution. Be strong and tell the weak that it will be okay, and show them that it will be okay, and make it so that it all becomes okay, and then they will thank you for it. Giving everyone the ability to transact freely with each other, giving them more freedom and control over their lives, that's one step on the way. Show them that it won't lead to some great catastrophe, that it won't lead to suffering, that it will make their lives better, and they will embrace it like we do.
0	1522931256	47	What are your thoughts on bitcoin cash? Its development and user community? What should we be looking out for? What are we doing right/wrong?Bonus: do you think Craig Wright is bonkers?
1	1522933078	84	This is a tough one.My view is that Bitcoin Cash strongly resembles the Bitcoin community of 2014. This is not good. That experiment was tried and it didn't work. It's tempting to think that what happened was a freak one-off occurrence, but I don't think it was. I think it was inevitable given the structure and psychological profile of the community at the time. So just trying to "get back on track" as I see it, is nowhere near radical enough.If I could get one message across to you in this session it's this: **be bold**. Be willing to accept that what happened was not just bad luck. Liberate yourselves from just proceeding along the path Satoshi imagined and be willing to think radical, even heretical thoughts.Here are some questions to reflect on as a community together:* Does Bitcoin need to use Script? If it swapped out the VM and scripting system for something better, would it still be Bitcoin?* Does Bitcoin need to use proof-of-work? If it stopped using proof-of-work one day, would it still be Bitcoin? The Ethereum guys already answered this question and are making plans to abandon it.* Does Bitcoin need to use its current protocol at all? If *all* the technical aspects of Bitcoin changed, leaving *only* the monetary policy and existing coin balances, would it still be Bitcoin?and* Does Bitcoin need a Foundation or some other form of formalised governance? We tried to make one years ago and it failed due to a mix of rum characters and opposition from people who felt it was "centralisation", who maybe didn't realise that the alternative was not structurelessness but rather a tyranny of whoever could impose their will the most aggressively.I had dinner with Craig Wright once. It was interesting. I will keep my thoughts on Mr Wright to myself.
2	1522937655	18	>My view is that Bitcoin Cash strongly resembles the Bitcoin community of 2014. This is not good. That experiment was tried and it didn't work.It's very interesting that you say that.  What are the key similarities in your opinion?>*  The Ethereum guys already answered this question and are making plans to abandon it.I think that's an interesting opinion too.  Proof of work allows for innovation and competition. Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn." Please set me straight.>* a tyranny of whoever could impose their will the most aggressively.I have an opinion on that too :)Unfortunately when the aggressors showed up, we attempted to take them on head-on (ie XT) instead of simply splitting the currency early and going our separate ways. Back then there was an insane amount of FUD surrounding a coin split, with some people asserting it was "impossible" or that it would definitely, absolutely devalue the coin. Since then we've have two major coin splits (Ethereum & Bitcoin) and the data is clear: when a community is sufficiently divided, splitting the coin is an economically efficient, win-win outcome that raises the value of the entire ecosystem.It is my view that the BOLD action that we should have taken in 2014-15 was to say, "ok, you guys do your small block thing and we'll do our big block thing." Imagine if the split had happened years earlier, we wouldn't be here now I don't think.Any second thoughts about the all-or-nothing approach that was taken?
3	1522940532	23	> It's very interesting that you say that. What are the key similarities in your opinion?* It still uses reddit to coordinate the community.* There is no formalised governance mechanism. Old Bitcoin used "rule by obscure IRC chats between Core devs" and the different Cash devs coordinate .... how?* It still uses proof of work and miners still don't care about the health of the network.* The community still appears somewhat opposed the idea of voting in any kind of formalised governance procedure (e.g. ABC fork is not waiting to see if miners agree, or if users agree, they just picked a time and went for it).I don't really hang out here anymore so I don't know if other problematic aspects remain ... from a quick search over the forums it seems people don't use terms like "rule by math" anymore, which is good. I'm not saying there's been no improvement.> It is my view that the BOLD action that we should have taken in 2014-15 was to say, "ok, you guys do your small block thing and we'll do our big block thing." What we wanted was a fork of the chain that would so clearly dominate that the small blockers would give up. The alternative Cash adopted of simply forking the entire ledger permanently, abandoning the brand name, the currency symbol,  the forums, the wallets, the exchanges, *all* the infrastructure was  - at the time - considered inconceivable. It wasn't even suggested.The community lost a lot in the Cash split. I realise it may seem like a victory of sorts but in effect the big blockers abandoned everything except the code. It is astonishing that this event didn't negatively affect the price, but as noted below this is a double edged sword. It appears that price and utility aren't linked at all and that avoided a crisis during the Cash split but also causes crises of its own.
4	1522941604	11	The code was enough to get us from zero to one and ultimately a crypto based mostly on existing infrastructure and brand appeal will fail. In the *long-enough run.*Thanks for your other answers. It seems from the tone of your reply that you remain convinced that to succeed, a cryptocurrency must have good top-down leadership that emanates from a central group. I always found that oxymoronic, but I respect your view.> It is astonishing that this event didn't negatively affect the price, but as noted below this is a double edged sword. It appears that price and utility aren't linked at all and that avoided a crisis during the Cash split but also causes crises of its own.It really isn't astonishing.First: I think you're right that the tape is and has been painted for some time.  Eventually (ideally in my lifetime) the money needed to manipulate the price must come to an end, I think. But it could take many more years. Decades even.But regardless: economics would predict that if a group of people holding a unified coin have mutually-exclusive visions of the future of that coin, then by splitting the coin such that each group gets its vision achieved without the friction of the opposing group, the value of the split coin will exceed the value of the unified coin.
5	1522941947	23	Ah, then I've not been clear enough.Structure and formalised systems do not imply top-down leadership from a centralised group. Consider Switzerland. Almost all decisions of any importance are made by citizen-triggered referendums. They have politicians and a president but these people are relatively unimportant and the president in particular is really just a figurehead, appointed because other countries expect to have someone they can invite to diplomatic events. The position rotates every six months.Structured? Yes. Formalised? Definitely. Top down and centralised? Not so much.
6	1522943609	3	The emergence of BCF, Bitcoin-ABC, nChain(!), BU and other strong competing organizations that are nevertheless only loosely "coordinating" might be a partial answer to this.
6	1522942984	6	Great answer.Maybe I missed something, but I only ever heard discussions about creating "top down" management: turning Bitcoin-QT (just another implemention) into Bitcoin Core (*the* implementation) for example, or creating a Bitcoin Foundation or some other standards organization whose members would define the protocol.I'd be interested in learning how to apply the canton system to cryptocurrency....  Was something like that attempted? How might something like that work? It seems highly applicable to BCH and its decentralized development teams.
7	1522944677	6	Bitcoin-Qt was *the* implementation back then too. It was actually Satoshi who was opposed to any alternative implementations. He felt that it would never be necessary. Apparently he didn't anticipate what happened, but we can forgive him for that. None of us did.The renaming from Bitcoin-Qt to Bitcoin Core was my idea. Or at least I proposed the name "Core". Perhaps ironic in hindsight. But Bitcoin-Qt wasn't a very descriptive name, was it? > I'd be interested in learning how to apply the canton system to cryptocurrencyMe too. I've been interested in cryptographic voting for years.Read Vitalik Buterin's blog. He writes extensively and clearly about these topics. Some alt coins have tried delegated voting. The problem is that most voters are not that engaged. Swiss referendums have quite low turnout relative to most votes, but there is a culture here in which citizens feel a responsibility to participate, so that puts a floor on how low participation can drop. One problem most coins that try to decentralise power have, is that most users don't know or care about the things being voted on. That suggests a more traditional Parliamentary style system may be more appropriate at this stage.
8	1522946717	5	>Bitcoin-Qt was *the* implementation back then too. It was actually Satoshi who was opposed to any alternative implementations. He felt that it would never be necessary.I was hoping you'd touch on that.I agree that the idea of a monolithic implementation that defines the protocol goes back to Satoshi. I also agree it was a mistake.>The renaming from Bitcoin-Qt to Bitcoin Core was my idea. Or at least I proposed the name "Core". Perhaps ironic in hindsight. But Bitcoin-Qt wasn't a very descriptive name, was it? LoL I didn't mean to throw you under the bus.I think at that time you and others were operating under the idea that "the team defines the coin," and the problem to be solved was how to create a decentralized "government" to manage the team.I think what we've learned since then is that this was a mistake. I think we've learned that teams are like political parties. None has a monopoly on good ideas, and that they propose but the constituency disposes.Bitcoin BTC bears a strong political resemblance to any single-party state - or better, to a sham multiparty state, in that other parties are tolerated as long as they never threaten the power monopoly which defines the consensus rules.So trying to overlay "governance" on a single party state is analogous to trying to make the Communist Party of China more representative of the people's will: good motive but fundamentally the system isn't designed to do that.  What the single party system is fundamentally designed to do is prevent opposition.BCH governance is therefore more like Swiss cantons, in that there are many teams, and the community values the diversity they bring, yet all teams have an incentive to try to work together in as far as possible.>Me too. I've been interested in cryptographic voting for years.Here I think Satoshi got it right.  Voters vote with their CPU power, expressing agreement by building on blocks they agree with, and orphaning the ones that they find disagreeable.Any forms of voting that don't require skin in the game are inherently flawed.  Only by committing resources to build a block can we ensure that most miners will call a committed vote according to their actual interests.
8	1522946198	3	I believe a bit in the concept of "liquid democracy" where one can choose weather to delegate the vote or vote directly.It's still not immune against the non-engaged voters.  Steem has some sort of a "liquid democracy lite", one can vote on "witnesses" (so it's indirect democracy anyway) or delegate the vote, but it's still a big problem that the majority of voting power is not being used at all, and if people have delegated their vote they don't follow up the person they've delegated the vote to, nor follow up the witnesses they have voted for.Still, pretty much no democrazy (misspelling intended) is immune against cynically executed propaganda attacks.
9	1522948265	5	I also am very interested in the idea of liquid democracy and have been since a teenager. Back then the name liquid democracy didn't exist so I called it delegated voting, and all I did with the idea was annoy my parents by talking about it a lot.Read this: https://vitalik.ca/general/2018/03/28/plutocracy.html
8	1522946370	1	You can go further back and gain more insights if you also read say Socrates, Buddha, Confucius, Jesus.This same problem of governance, power, has been talked about since the first social currencies transformed into commercial currencies and *usured* into slavery.Bitcoin dis-community resembles the Axial age, about 1000 years in fast forward just being replayed.Just as Confucius and Taoism found, the answer is in giving up a-ccounting, giving up perceived coinage, "means of exchange" "free market", and focus on what makes life worth living - care for each other, love unconditionally and so on.
9	1522946385	2	Confucius say, elevator smell very different to little person.*****^("Just a bot trying to brighten up someone's day with a laugh. | Message me if you have one you want to add.")
8	1522947553	1	> One problem most coins that try to decentralise power have, is that most users don't know or care about the things being voted on.Maybe making voting mandatory for everyone with a balance on the network would be a start. Imagine if the bitcoin network was structured to upgrade to a new version every year and everyone who hasn't voted on-chain about which improvement proposals they want to implement automatically loses 1 percent of their holdings. I guess it'd be impossible to implement but if it were possible, I bet voter participation would top 90%. Whether that actually leads to better decision making is another question of course
6	1522943862	1	What do you think of other cryptocurrencies that have been trying to implement something like this, e.g. Dash?
6	1522953607	1	Would applying a system of pure direct democracy in bch (or any other currency) not expose us to sybil attacks?Or do you mean something else?
6	1522944116	1	Direct democracy will not work, especially in something as complex as Bitcoin, until the education gap between knowledge poor and knowledge rich is brought close to zero. Otherwise you will have a system run by the malinformed. 
4	1522944930	1	> If all the technical aspects of Bitcoin changed, leaving only the monetary policy and existing coin balances, would it still be Bitcoin?That’s bastard Bitcoin. Most people think it’s just about money, and that’s why people try to silence people who try and tell you it’s much, much more.
4	1522948145	1	I think the price and utility are linked, but markets are not 100% efficient.  This is why the price stopped going up on Bitcoin-Legacy, there is no where else it can go, speculators can only sustain a fairytale for so long.  Also there are [AXA/Bilderberg influences](https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7d02ee/some_thoughts_about_the_possible_bitcoin_segwit/) that could be manipulating the price.I think that the BCH split is an important precedent, and the market has to learn how to resist such takeovers like the one by BlockStream Core. Its not ideal that BCH was a minority fork, but if it does succeed in passing BTC-Legacy in market cap, transactions, and users, it will be an important precedent set and serve as a roadmap on what to do in the future.  The market will become more confident in taking bold actions sooner, rather than waiting too long.
3	1522940828	7	>  Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn"I've always had mixed opinions about this.  I currently favor POW because it's been time tested but I do have slight doubts as to whether POW solves this problem better than a solid POS design (in the very long run).Here's my reasoning.  Mining hardware continues to become more expensive over time.  In the long run, there will be little direct incentive for mining hardware manufacturers to actually sell their mining hardware to consumers because it will be more profitable for them to run it themselves.  Once that's the case, "mining" (making money) will only be accessible to those that already have lots of money. In some ways it seems like POS algos would at worst simply deliver the same outcome as POW except 20 years early.  Obviously this excludes coins that are willing to fork their POW algo in response to an ASIC being created for their coin.That being said, I do strongly believe that POW is the absolute fairest and most effective way to widely distribute a coin.
4	1522942234	3	>Here's my reasoning.  Mining hardware continues to become more expensive over time.  In the long run, there will be little direct incentive for mining hardware manufacturers to actually sell their mining hardware to consumers because it will be more profitable for them to run it themselves.  For this to be true you have to assume stable and increasing coin prices to infinity.If there's a bust, it becomes less profitable to mine, and the value of miners drops. Mining manufacturers can go completely broke during these periods. This represents the needed economic churn that afaict doesn't exist in POS systems.> Once that's the case, "mining" (making money) will only be accessible to those that already have lots of money. Yes, at worst, PoW collapses into POS. But that's only worst case.
5	1522948357	3	> This represents the needed economic churn that afaict doesn't exist in POS systems.Great point
4	1522949819	1	> here will be little direct incentive for mining hardware manufacturers to actually sell their mining hardware to consumersYou are wrong. Mining cost = capital (equipment) + variable (energy).  The second term dominates the equation in the long run.  Mining ASIC manufacturers have a windows for dominance but it will inevitably close. Cheap or free energy and cooling efficiencies are the end game.
3	1522939266	5	> I think that's an interesting opinion too. Proof of work allows for innovation and competition. Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn." Please set me straight.There are many flavors of PoS and not all of them have block rewards.  I think the inherent idea that (after initial distribution) people who have interest WITHIN the system are most interested in protecting that system has more validity than PoW.  We've seen that PoW mining can be fairly well invalidated by competing currencies just with this EDA earlier in BCH.  Adding to that, the ability to short a market and then kill a coin also erodes confidence in the idea of protecting sunk costs of hardware.>It is my view that the BOLD action that we should have taken in 2014-15 was to say, "ok, you guys do your small block thing and we'll do our big block thing." Imagine if the split had happened years earlier, we wouldn't be here now I don't think.Agreed
4	1522941164	9	My views on proof-of-work don't imply I think proof-of-stake is better. I don't have any strong opinions on proof-of-stake.
5	1522951511	1	What do you think of Cardano?
3	1522941259	3	>  Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn." Please set me straight.Staking rewards are actually a pretty small part of PoS.  Smaller than block rewards and probably smaller than fee targets should be for a safe blockchain.Think of it this way.  The entire purpose of proof of work is that we need a method of random participant selection from among the network.  The only reason we need that is because in the event of a double spend, someone, somewhere must decide between the two spends.  Since that "someone" could just as well be an ally of the attacker, we need to make sure it is truly random so that the attacker can't select the double spend in such a way that they screw over a recipient.Sybil attacks complicate the entire process because you aren't dealing with "people" online, you're dealing with IP addresses.  Proof of work handily solves both problems for us, and more besides.  Proof of work allows us to randomly select a participant to resolve double spends, it blocks Sybil attacks by consuming real value, it binds the participants to the future valuation of the network, and it allowed for a \**relatively*\* fair early distribution of the coins.Now compare that with a properly done PoS system.  PoS... Allows us to randomly select a participant to resolve double spends, it blocks Sybil attacks by locking up real value inside the system, and it binds the participants to the future valuation of the network at least on a shorter timespan.  It doesn't do early distribution, but we're well past that point in Crypto-Currency now anyway.  It also doesn't bind the random participant selection to *external* value, which is the one "flaw."For that singular, relatively arbitrary flaw the trade off is that the entire system becomes much more efficient.  Node operation can be directly rewarded, as is needed to maintain decentralized diversity of fullnodes.  Economically this becomes better as the network rewards hodling, creating neutral or upward pressure on price, whereas mined PoW coins must be sold to cover real world costs, which creates constant downward pressure on price.  Moreover, the payouts(fees+rewards) required to prevent a 51% attack on a PoS system can be much, much lower than the payouts(fees+rewards) required to prevent a 51% attack on a PoW system, simply because staking is passive, long term, and can be observed with metrics predicting future spikes/changes in staking control.Of course, then there's the "long range attack" or the "nothing at stake" problem.  I feel like Ethereum's solution to this is proper and extremely handy - Simply code for such a situation in advance.  It can only happen during syncing and it is extremely expensive to pull off.  In such a situation, simply stop and make the user validate which history is the false history and which is the true history through some external checking, aka, google it or go ask the buddy who told you about Ethereum.  Given the attack's massive costs and very minor potential payoff, that's more than enough to make it infeasible.tl;dr: Staking rewards are small by design.  The interest rates are lower than what you can get on the stock markets, and can be safely set to even lower payout levels than PoW.
3	1522944366	1	> Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn." Please set me straight.Proof of Work is exactly the same. The more money you have, the faster CPUs you could afford in 2010, the more money to make, to invest in best GPUs, to invest in best developers to produce the best miner-software. Earning more money, to develop ASICs etc.Today, the more capital you can spit out, the more ASICs you can buy, the more electricity you can rent etc. The more money you have, the lower interest rate you get on loans, the higher returns you have on other investments.Bitcoin was not distributed fairly, initial distrirbution was silent for the first 1 year from 2009 Jan to 2010 May, it hadnt reached beyond a cryptography mailing list.
4	1522945587	1	>> Proof of stake is basically, "the more money you have, the more money you earn." Please set me straight.>>Proof of Work is exactly the same. No it isn't.I can develop an ASIC or other optimization and gain an advantage in excess of my wealth. Or, I can spend money trying to develop an advantage, fail, and go broke.  Also when prices drop, mining manufacturers go broke, and others take their place.This represents needed economic churn that prevents monopolization that doesn't exist in POS afaik.
5	1522945896	1	> I can develop an ASIC or other optimization and gain an advantage in excess of my wealth.If you have the time to develop an ASIC, or if you had the time and knowledge to optimize the sha256 functions in openssl in 2010 - you have an advantage over anybody who doesnt have the time, skills.You can also with PoS spend your fiat o aquire say Ada, and Ada price drops and you still go broke. So?
3	1522947240	1	/u/tippr 21 bits Thanks for asking these questions.
4	1522947244	1	u/jessquit, you've received `0.000021 BCH ($0.013315932 USD)`!***[^^How to use](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) ^^| [^^What is Bitcoin Cash?](https://learnbitcoin.cash/) ^^| [^^Who accepts it?](https://acceptbitcoin.cash) ^^| ^^Powered ^^by ^^[Rocketr](https://rocketr.net) ^^| ^^r/tippr  ^(Bitcoin Cash is what Bitcoin should be. Ask about it on r/btc)
3	1522952816	1	In response to pow vs pos, I think that in terms decentralization, PoS, if implemented w staking pools is the better option. The new bitmain ethhash miners were just released and cost thousands, and to run a successful operation, would require a multitude of these miners, and also require enough capital to sink in the cost for some time before ROI makes it worthwhile. Also keep in mind that eth is supposed to be asic resistant so more efficient and more powerful miners will always be created, and it’s not always incentivized for them to sell to consumers right off the bat. Bitmain was likely using these miners for months, and as they increased the difficulty, it’s become less viable to mine with gpu, this centralizing hashrate even more. With PoS, any small time investor could buy a few eth and throw it at a staking pool and start earning. Yes, the more money you have the more you can stake, but mining to me is the same thing but w extra steps and extra hurdles, and even more difficult for the individual to take part of. Correct me if I’m wrong. 
3	1522953010	1	>Back then there was an insane amount of FUD surrounding a coin split, with some people asserting it was "impossible" or that it would definitely, absolutely devalue the coin. Since then we've have two major coin splits (Ethereum & Bitcoin) and the data is clear: when a community is sufficiently divided, splitting the coin is an economically efficient, win-win outcome that raises the value of the entire ecosystem.Definitely, if that were applied to governments, we would have more than anything else small governments less harmful to people (and a few bad governments that would be more easily removed by the organized population). I don't know about others, but it has helped my bitcoin (bch) to reinforce my thesis that the right thing to do is to allow peaceful secessions (and even to guarantee them to citizens). Undoubtedly, a confederal United States could have been less threatening to the world (and to its own inhabitants), and a confederal Venezuela could perhaps have prevented the tyranny that overwhelms us from coming to power, or at least from screwing itself up.I know you didn't ask me, but I can't stop from thinking about it....
2	1522933686	12	> Does Bitcoin need a Foundation or some other form of formalised governance? Have you seen Rick Falkvinge's governance structure "swarm methodology"? I'd love your thoughts on that.He wrote about Bitcoin Cash governance in [Letter from the CEO](https://falkvinge.net/wp-content/uploads/2017/11/letter-from-the-ceo.pdf)
3	1522941099	9	I haven't. Governance is a topic we're debating a lot inside R3 at the moment, and increasingly with Corda users. I will add it to my reading queue.
3	1522940794	3	I've been meaning to sit down and have a chat with Rick sometime.
2	1522937237	3	> Does Bitcoin need a Foundation or some other form of formalised governance?Do you have an opinion regarding formalized governance like the staked voting used by Dash and other coins?
2	1522942340	3	> Does Bitcoin need to use proof-of-work?I agree with Andreas that we need at least one PoW-chain on Earth (in practice no one is able to stop it anyway). Commitment of energy immediately activates game-theoretical defense of chain's immutability. Simply put: **It costs, but no one can erase, unpredictably inflate or suspend my money, thus, my economical freedom**. All we need after that is the best privacy solution, and it's all good
2	1522941330	2	> That experiment was tried and it didn't work.Could it be that it did work? Maybe forking is how we will move forward? We now have Bitcoin Cash. If new problems arise, there might be another fork. Or at least the community will have learned from this fork and deal with future controversies more maturely?[insert famous quotes about "giving up"]
2	1522933851	4	Regarding your first 3 points, it would possibly be safe to say that the community is most supportive of the idea of a peer-to-peer cash system and supportive of whatever is best suited to get that going. Many here are supportive of efforts like ethereum but their efforts are pointed elsewhere. We have a more 'conservative' approach where we first and foremost are working to providing stateless and 'private' money where anyone in the world will be free to use it. We may be suspicious of the efficacy of PoS but, at least in my view, I am not against it.As for governance, we are extremely wary of any one entity or person dictating anything to us. Maybe we would be amenable to a protocol level governance system like Decred but we are focusing more on getting BCH up and running first.
2	1522948896	1	> It's tempting to think that what happened was a freak one-off occurrence, but I don't think it was.There is a pretty major difference between now and 2014 though. At the time, Bitcoin was (effectively) the entire cryptocurrency ecosystem. If you wanted to be involved, you really had to be involved with Bitcoin.People were (very) afraid of what might happen if the Bitcoin community split. Altcoins were mostly seen as a testbed for new Bitcoin features. Talk of "if an altcoin implemented something useful, Bitcoin could just roll it into the next release" was extremely common.That was then. Now, people are not afraid to buck the trend by forking their own coin. In fact they're economically incentivized to do so.In 2018, the playing field is much more level than it's ever been. Nobody gets to be the king of the development castle anymore. That's the big difference between now and then. The sense of unity that we once felt has been shattered. Most of us understand the downsides to this model, but one of the major upsides is that it has become exceptionally hard for the horrible events of the past from having that same level of impact as it did when everybody was under the same roof.The concept of Bitcoin Maximalism is dead and, although the transition has been painful, I think we're probably better off for it.
2	1522950579	1	> I will keep my thoughts on Mr Wright to myself.so he isn't even a Dr Wright in your opinion?
2	1522950681	1	Good to think bold, but bad to have lingering Blockstream Syndrome about it by falling for all the canards Core raised in its scorched earth attempt to maintain power. Core tried to paint a picture of a very fragile and limited Bitcoin, and that Bitcoin was merely a small evolutionary step from what came before. This was the cue for altcoin mania as well as the impulse never to leave the warm comfortable spot under the wing of Core "experts" and their "full validating nodes" (that don't validate blocks and aren't nodes). **Think boldly and consider that maybe Bitcoin can do it all essentially as it was originally designed.** Bitcoin was no evolutionary random lucky minimum-viable combo of older tech, but a very deliberately designed stroke of genius by someone who understood a great many things and had a far-reaching vision that merely got clouded and distorted little by little by the machinations of latecoming status-seekers, and these people have now been forked away in a remarkably clean sweep.
2	1522953306	1	> That experiment was tried and it didn't workWhat makes you write off the experiment entirely instead of viewing BTC as an attempt to unilaterally change the experiment which has been routed around by BCH?
2	1522938380	1	Did he sign a transaction from an early block in your presence as he did with Gavin \(allegedly\)?
3	1522940623	9	No. It was just dinner. He didn't attempt to prove his identity to me.I think Wright has been discussed more than enough in this community, so I won't add anything. That topic is played out.
4	1522944007	1	> I think Wright has been discussed more than enough in this community, so I won't add anything. That topic is played out.Thank you for that.  Frees us up to discuss the important questions:> No. It was just dinner. He didn't attempt to prove his identity to me.What'd you have to eat? :)
2	1522941761	1	Why are you against PoW?
2	1522937388	-7	> I will keep my thoughts on Mr Wright to myself."If you see fraud and do not say fraud, you are a fraud." (Nassim Nicholas Taleb)
3	1522938446	6	Yep. Or put another way, "You are either with us or against us." (George W. Bush)
3	1522938390	-5	Be **BOLD** be willing to think radical even heretical thoughts!Except about Craig Wright, keep that shit to yourself cause, you know - I want to take my position after its been de-risked.
4	1522938401	8	Redditor /u/luckdragon69 has low karma in this subreddit.
5	1522939035	-1	I think Radical thoughts and boldly let you all know them
6	1522949690	1	Hahaha fair enough
0	1522931794	14	Mike, thanks.Thanks for everything you did in the past.Thanks for this giant posting about the present - I'm still digesting it.Most of all, thanks for your final Bitcoin essay.  That was the article that alerted me to what was going on with Bitcoin, which I was buying but not keeping up with at the time.
0	1522931230	13	Without proof of work how do you validate the data inputted in a p2p decentralized system?
1	1522932688	11	Nodes are all fully validating in Corda. If you receive a transaction your node downloads the entire dependency graph and runs the contract code (scripts) for every transaction, checking all the signatures along the way. So you're sure the final result is a valid transaction.Now there may be a double spend, but that's what the notary signatures tell you. If you trust that group of consensus forming nodes (notary) - and we hope you do because that group is probably using a BFT algorithm, so some of them can be malicious and the result is still correct - then you get the same guarantees as Bitcoin full nodes provide.This may seem initially quite different to Bitcoin but it's actually not. In Bitcoin if you don't trust the miners collectively then you cannot rule out the existence of double spends that were re-org'd out of the chain (51% attack). And although in theory proof-of-work scales better than most BFT algorithms do, in practice due to ASICs and China what we see is that it takes so few corrupt miners to break proof-of-work that in reality almost any BFT group will be stronger.So in this way you can get a system that's actually more decentralised than Bitcoin mining is, which is surprising, but there it is.
2	1522937477	8	> If you receive a transaction your node downloads the entire dependency graph and runs the contract code (scripts) for every transactionWhat do you do if people are using it for something like HFT and the dependency graph becomes enormous (like on the order of gigabytes)?
3	1522937999	8	Then you download at gigabits / second.HFT isn't our intended use case though. HFT is about rapidly interacting with order books. Corda can *interact* with orderbooks in a way that gives atomic settlement (see the section "Market infrastructure" in the tech white paper) but it isn't intended to implement decentralised exchanges that also support HFT. At least, not at this time.The design could potentially be extended to incorporate that in future.
2	1522933190	6	Is this concensus model a form of Delegated Proof of Stake like what NEO uses?
3	1522933845	10	No. Corda has no native cryptocurrency. It's an app platform a bit like Ethereum, so you can create coins on top by writing an app for it.The most useful kinds of tokens for businesses are proxies for deposits of fiat held elsewhere (or are central bank balances), so Corda comes with an example "finance" app that implements demos of cash, commercial paper, interest rate swaps and a few other things. A cash app that can be deployed for real is more work and involves a lot of legal and regulatory setup.You could implement a Satoshi-style limited inflation no-backing currency on Corda. I've thought about how to do it before. But I never wrote down the details anywhere.One consequence of this is that the miner-equivalents (notaries) can charge users in any way they like. They aren't restricted to using a native token. That has pluses and minuses that we're still exploring. Perhaps in future we'll introduce a Corda-native cryptocurrency. I personally still like the idea. Bitcoin as a system for coordinated decision making .... needs work. As a currency I still like the idea, regardless of what economists may say :) 
4	1522944806	1	> A cash app that can be deployed for real is more work and involves a lot of legal and regulatory setup.What does "deployment" look like in Corda?Do you connect to/leverage/communicate with existing Corda nodes or do you set up your own application-specific node network from scratch?What about deploying software updates - or whatever would be the equivalent in Corda?(If this is all covered in the tech white paper, just say so and I'll go read that instead. ;))Would Corda be a good platform for the so-called "[blockchain games](https://np.reddit.com/r/BlockchainGame/)" that are popping up everywhere now, including games requiring huge scale like would-be MMOs (e.g. [Parsec](https://np.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/7sou5e/parsec_frontiers_a_virtual_galaxy_mmo_with_a/))?
5	1522948965	4	You install the app in the node and start using it. The other side needs the same app to e.g. receive a payment, but (once the deterministic JVM is integrated and launched) not to validate such transactions.Corda has two ways to handle updates of smart contracts and it has other versioning mechanisms for other parts of apps like flows.Yes this is discussed in the white paper and also on https://docs.corda.netRe: games - maybe! Not the network we're setting up which isn't for entertainment purposes but maybe the tech could do it. I haven't thought about it.
6	1522950018	1	Thanks for the replies, Mike. I'll read up on it. What's the current readiness of Corda as a whole? Still beta-ish (frequent compatibility breaks, etc.) or production-level?Regarding games, the tech would need to handle fungible tokens (a "currency"), which I guess you've already said is possible, but it'd also need to handle a wide range of other object types ("classes"?) as well as one-off objects with unique properties.I guess it devolves into being able to define "objects" (arbitrary data structures?) and classes/categories of these (i.e. cross-object sharing of data/properties or alternatively being able to treat them as the-same because they look the-same; "duck typing"?), as well as being able to express and pass around ownership of said "objects" (including atomic exchanges of several objects). At least, that would be the order, off the top of my mind.What's your initial hunch here? "Doable now"? "Yes, with restrictions"? "Perhaps in the future"?
7	1522951732	1	It's ready. There are people going live on the open source node, although we're preparing R3 Corda, which is a better version of the open source code. That's our product. It's sufficiently better that we think most users will want to run it.The arbitrary data structures are called states, Corda supports any object DAG in the output slots of a transaction. They are strongly typed and deserialised to JVM classes at runtime. We use an extended form of AMQP/1.0 as the binary serialisation format.You can mark your states as ownable and fungible if you like, or just ownable, or linear. So it can express all of that.Why not download it, read the docs and take a look. There are training videos available too if you're more into that.
2	1522942934	3	> This may seem initially quite different to Bitcoin but it's actually not. In Bitcoin if you don't trust the miners collectivelyBut miners have pure economical incentives to keep mining honestly: honest mining - profits, malicious mining - losses. Malicious miners go bankrupt (so do incompetent ones). Which incentives validating nodes have?
2	1522949949	1	Byzantine fault tolerance? I vaguely recall concluding that was some dead-end "alternative" to PoW like all the rest. Anyone know more?>corrupt miners ಠ_ಠ
0	1522934407	13	Could you speak on any attacks (personal, DDOS, social manipulation, other) that you encountered as a result of the divide between the efforts to scale and the efforts to stagnate the blocksize at 1MB? Did this play a part in why you no longer develop for Bitcoin?btw, thank you for being such a beneficial contributor for what you have done with the movement that is Bitcoin and your efforts to keep it on the right track (with Bitcoin XT and all your creations)./u/tippr gild
1	1522944074	3	If you haven't read this, this is it:https://blog.plan99.net/the-resolution-of-the-bitcoin-experiment-dabb30201f7
1	1522934648	3	u/mike_hearn, your post was gilded in exchange for `0.00401916 BCH ($2.50 USD)`! Congratulations!***[^^How to use](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) ^^| [^^What is Bitcoin Cash?](https://learnbitcoin.cash/) ^^| [^^Who accepts it?](https://acceptbitcoin.cash) ^^| ^^Powered ^^by ^^[Rocketr](https://rocketr.net) ^^| ^^r/tippr  ^(Bitcoin Cash is what Bitcoin should be. Ask about it on r/btc)
0	1522931108	18	Thanks for visiting Mike. Since the split of Bitcoin and Bitcoin cash there are a number of new paradigms like decentralised development with multiple implementation teams and a community wide embrace of the concept of hard forking as a governance mechanism. I think these address some of the underlying issues that led to paralysis of BTC. Are there other unaddressed factors that you think we should look out for so we can build more resilience into the Bitcoin cash community to guard against having another episode like what happened with Bitcoin core?
1	1522932440	33	Yes, I'm afraid I think there's a lot to do and that's one reason I agreed to do this. Some things are being overlooked. If history repeated itself that would be a crying shame.Hard forking is an implementation mechanism, not a governance mechanism. Governance is a process, and often an institution, for arriving at a decision. A hard fork is just the software event that makes it real.I note with some alarm that Bitcoin Cash is planning a timed hard fork in just one month, with no attempt to measure support or whether people are ready or even agree. The content is not going to controversial in this community now, but a lot of organisations would find it hard to schedule and test a software upgrade on one month's notice. There's a risk that miners who do upgrade will be split onto a minority chain by accident even if everyone intends to upgrade, and have to roll back, making them even more conservative than they already are.Governance was one of the causes of the split and so needs the most analysis and change. But I'm afraid I'm not seeing that at the moment. Multiple competing implementations is what we tried with Bitcoin XT and it didn't work. Ultimately the internet is a lawless place, and a sufficiently committed group will always be able to wipe out any nodes they disagree with to prevent people from expressing their opinions. Formalised governance mechanisms can help avoid this by coordinating a group decision in ways that can't be so trivially attacked, and if you look at Ethereum, they have the Ethereum Foundation and other ways to do it. I think that would help a lot. Right now I don't see anything that would prevent a repeat of what happened before, especially given the underlying psychological causes of the Core/Cash divide.
2	1522933445	23	>  I note with some alarm that Bitcoin Cash is planning a timed hard fork in just one month, with no attempt to measure support or whether people are ready or even agree.Point of order, this hard fork has been known about for nearly 6 months.  And BIP9 isn't the mechanism for measuring support and readiness ;)> Formalised governance mechanisms can help avoid this by coordinating a group decision in ways that can't be so trivially attackedThe point you make about a mechanism that creates inertia against abuse is a good one and I hope we as a community can work towards that.  I don't think this is antithetical to the notion of 'permisionlessness' that many in the BCH world hold dear.
3	1522934314	17	I stand corrected!How long has runnable code been available?For Corda's first 18 months or so, we released incompatible prototypes every month. This was great for prototyping and getting feedback, but our users could barely keep up.We've now committed to API and wire (protocol) stability, since the 3.0 release. We're now releasing a few times a year, maybe a bit more. Over time I expect our release process to steadily slow down. If you look at a really huge and successful platform like Java, historically they released every 3-4 years or so and it's still very common to hear about people running versions 10 years out of date. Windows has the same problem.Maybe you can get away with a one month upgrade cycle for now, because Bitcoin Cash is very backwards compatible. But it's worth considering how frequently you want to do these hard forks. Organisations with money on the line don't like to touch things. This is one reason miners didn't behave as we expected/hoped they would.
4	1522935089	18	Only about 24 hours.  The proposed fork date is about 6 weeks away.  Less than ideal I agree but as a relatively new decentralized dev community we've had to go through some growing pains to work out processes etc which has made things progress slower than usual.  There is wide agreement that the next fork will have much more generous timeframes and more rigid deadlines for feature inclusion.
5	1522945225	2	> Only about 24 hours. The proposed fork date is about 6 weeks away. Less than ideal I agree but as a relatively new decentralized dev community we've had to go through some growing pains to work out processes etc which has made things progress slower than usual.If everyone is honest, ABC is pushing the OpCode update because they believe in it. They have basically informed everyone else to agree, or risk being forked. 
6	1522952111	1	No, BU and nChain have been talking about re-enabling the opcodes since the first fork.  And the work was done on ABC by nChain.  IDK about when XT got on board but regardless there's been pretty much 100% support for this from the mining full node providers from the start (I don't think anyone's mining with XT right now, something we need to rectify).
4	1522941376	3	What do you think is a good recommended time for a hard fork network upgrade to make sure the nodes, wallets and rest of the ecosystem have time to upgrade? By that I mean, *all* the dev teams have released compatible software for the upgrade then in x months from that date the upgrade takes effect?At the moment we are 5 weeks away from the next hard fork activation but ABC only released their compatible client yesterday. Unlimited and others have not released anything yet.
5	1522942220	8	Yeah. That seems very tight.I don't have a good answer for you. I'd suggest measuring upgrade rates via a network crawl and block header flags.The way Corda does this is as follows. When a hard fork equivalent is scheduled (change to the network parameters file) a new version of that file is signed and published in a well known location polled over HTTP. Corda itself doesn't use HTTP, it uses a binary P2P protocol like Bitcoin does, but serving a few control files over HTTP like this means they can be protected by CDNs like Cloudflare or Akamai.The new file contains a date at which it will take effect. So in that sense it's like what ABC is doing. *But* with a key difference: there is an explicit RPC to accept the new parameters (rules), and nodes advertise which parameters they have accepted. So the people organising the hard fork can watch to see if people are accepting the new parameters or not. If they aren't accepting it quickly enough the date can be pushed back. It's a lot more dynamic than when the date is fully hard coded.
6	1522946071	3	> Yeah. That seems very tight.The best way to identify the optimal approach is by systematically consulting ecosystem participants as part of the decision making process.Great AMA, thank you very much for spending time here. So much insight!
2	1522938407	6	>Hard forking is an implementation mechanism, not a governance mechanism. Governance is a process, and often an institution, for arriving at a decision. A hard fork is just the software event that makes it real.A hard fork represents a devolved decision making process.Anyone can initiate a fork.Anyone in line with the fork accepts the upgrade.Anyone who disagrees may opt to follow the original chain.If enough people disagree with the fork, then the fork fails or the chain splits.That's governance.>I note with some alarm that Bitcoin Cash is planning a timed hard fork in just one month, with no attempt to measure support or whether people are ready or even agree. That's like saying "there's going to be a vote on the new government and we don't even know if people are going to elect the guys we want."If people support the fork, great. If they don't, thank goodness for permissionlessness: nobody has to accept a bad plan.Since nobody has to accept a bad plan, this helps to keep the would be planners honest.> Multiple competing implementations is what we tried with Bitcoin XT and it didn't work.I'd like to think that BCH is the community of people who understand why that was, and that will make all the difference, but time will tell.By the time XT was released, someone had already renamed "Bitcoin qt" to "Bitcoin Core" to emphasize that it was the "central repo" of Bitcoin development. I don't remember whose idea that was, but I think it was part of a critical misunderstanding that Bitcoin needed a technical central leadership team and Core would be it.  So by the time XT arrived, it was seen as a threat to the "benevolent, necessary technocracy" that Core had become in the users mind. BCH doesn't have a reference implementation, there is no "Core group," and a lot of us will fight the centralization of development tooth and nail or exit if we fail.  I think that's a very important difference.Sorry to spend so much time apparently arguing with you but I think these are viewpoints that others need to hear. I'm glad you're here and I hope you come back... And where I'm wrong, I hope you can convince me.
3	1522946054	1	> someone had already renamed "Bitcoin qt" to "Bitcoin Core" That was Mike.
3	1522946228	1	> > > > > By the time XT was released, someone had already renamed "Bitcoin qt" to "Bitcoin Core" to emphasize that it was the "central repo" of Bitcoin development.The name change predates the "civil war" and it wasn't with the intention you now ascribe to it. It was also suggested by Gavin, I believe, implicitly endorsed by Mike:https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/issues/3203
4	1522947369	2	I think at the time the entire group had bought into the idea that they were the central development team. That discussion is exactly what I had in mind when I made the comment to Mike. I was aware that he and Gavin led the name change. Satoshi himself never grasped the need to decentralize the dev team. The whole project was on a collision course with "oh shit they took over the central dev team" from the beginning.
5	1522947501	2	> I think at the time the entire group had bought into the idea that they were the central development team.Ok, I see where you're coming from now. I think that idea was present from the very start, with even Satoshi stating that s/he thought alternative implementations were a bad idea.
2	1522942429	3	> Right now I don't see anything that would prevent a repeat of what happened before, especially given the underlying psychological causes of the Core/Cash divide.Psychology, Mike.  There's already an outgroup.  So long as there's an outgroup, BCH can stay united by opposing the outgroup.I think you missed something in your understanding of the problem, though.  Game theory & economics is built out of thousands of individuals making individual decisions which culminates in the group decision.  See your quote here: > That was the point where I decided it had all become a waste of my time. The vast majority of mining hash power was controlled by people who were psychologically incapable of disobedience to perceived authority.You conclude that it's an inability to disobey authority.  I don't think that's true.  From the position of a miner, the choice is much more difficult.  Why did segwit2x die and BCH survive?  Many reasons, of course, but one of the big ones is the difficulty algorithm.  Blockchains punish people who break consensus.  They punish *everyone* when someone breaks consensus, but they punish the minority group much much harder.  If you're a miner who has $200,000 of monthly electricity bills that must be paid no matter what, you can't simply pick the side that you are philosophically in agreement with.  You *must* pick the side that pays the bills.Similarly, Bitcoin is being punished by the markets for the civil war that split consensus, a punishment that will only grow worse over time.  Blockchains punish all participants for breaks in consensus.
3	1522953393	1	You may be right but at the time XT was programmed to do nothing until, iirc, 75% of hash power was voting for the change. And then there was a grace period before the hard fork happened. So a miner switching to XT would not have risked losing any money. All they'd have done is set a flag bit to vote for bigger blocks.However they were unwilling to do that. The act of voting itself was what scared them, not the outcome.
4	1522953505	1	Ah.  Well after what happened with segwit2x, I can't really blame them for that one either. :(What a shitshow.
2	1522934653	3	I agree. The governance is hugely important and it is the biggest risk that BCH will fail and leave hodlers with nothing eventually.
3	1522938822	3	The idea that you can have a governance structure in control of a permissionless system is oxymoronic.
0	1522933055	8	Mike!Good to see you again, and thanks for doing this AMA.Corda sounds like one heck of a project - refreshing and ground breaking, and I am going to be keeping a very close watch on it. I just skimmed through the whitepaper, but I intend on giving it a proper read after this AMA.1. I know a lot of people 'want' you to return, and I know that you don't want to. Are you stating categorically you won't, or is the door open somewhat?2. You obviously still have interest in the area regardless - you will have a lot of fans at the coingeek conference in HK - Is there any chance you might be at the coingeek conference? Would be good to have that beer.3. Thanks so much for your efforts with Bitcoin, and for everything you continue to do in the Dapps space (sorry I mean CorDapps).4. Is there a place or link we can check out the Corda roadmap? What's planned, what's coming... How can we best keep our finger on the pulse of that project?Thanks again. I'll be reading through your responses across the board, and a much more thorough look through your whitepaper :) EDIT (i hope you dont get too bombarded by all the fans)
1	1522942751	8	Thanks! Yeah, Corda is a fun project!> Is there a place or link we can check out the Corda roadmap?The Corda blog is useful: https://medium.com/cordaThe white paper is a bit stale. It has a few sections we haven't implemented. We'd like to implement them in future, so that's sort of a roadmap.Truth is the project is huge, and we're exploring uncharted waters. So there are a lot of sub-roadmaps but not a single unified committed-to roadmap. Most of my TODO list these days consists of writing documents and blog posts explaining the roadmap and what we're doing.But at the moment we're working on a really fast, stable and production-ready enterprise node. That was something Bitcoin always lacked. Companies like Coinbase invariably write their own node because Core/Qt/etc couldn't scale well (in particular their wallet didn't scale well). We're also setting up a shared network that can run many apps. That doesn't sound special but to make it clear how far most of the enterprise blockchain space has wandered from Satoshi's original thinking, our competitors don't even think about having a unified network at all! Check out this blog post by Richard (Gendal Brown, some may remember his writings on Bitcoin):https://medium.com/corda/universal-interoperability-why-enterprise-blockchain-applications-should-be-deployed-to-shared-3d4daff97754So IBM just set up a new isolated Fabric network for every customer. Well if you ever dealt with banks you know why - that's the path of least resistance - but it eliminates most of the future benefits of blockchain technology.To get companies to work together you have to answer a lot of questions up front - mostly related to, guess what, governance :)
2	1522953458	1	Sounds interesting but complicated.Is there a way to invest into Corda somehow? 
0	1522931723	6	This looks like a different handle than I remember you having but I'm going to assume this is you.Has anyone approached you about getting Lighthouse up and running on BCH?  Any interest in helping with that effort?Do you own BCH?
1	1522932072	20	[Look at this old post](https://www.reddit.com/r/bitcoinxt/comments/3k23mr/thomas_sowell_a_conflict_of_visions/?st=jfmcj2ws&sh=a692fbdc). It is the same handle and I had a little expert flair on that sub back in the day.Yes! In fact someone did recently fork Lighthouse and start work on getting it running on Bitcoin Cash. I don't know what became of that effort. It also requires forking bitcoinj and making it work for BCH, I'm not sure why but I'm told Andreas is not supportive of Cash.I don't have time to help with it myself but if someone has questions about a part of the code I'll try to remember and answer.I do not own any BCH.
2	1522934626	18	> I do not own any BCH.$2 /u/tippr now you do :P
3	1522936475	40	Darn. I guess now I have to do something with it.I discovered yours.com today. At first I thought it was some conventional Valley startup because the tips seemed to be measured in dollar-cents, and because it looked so clean and professional. Then I noticed it was specific to Bitcoin Cash.Yours.com is the sort of thing that got me excited about Bitcoin back in the day. It's that sort of unique application that makes cryptocurrency such a powerful concept. I don't want to waste this gift so when I get time I'll figure out what the Cash community has for wallet software these days and use it to tip some people on Yours.com
4	1522938276	4	> I don't want to waste this gift so when I get time I'll figure out what the Cash community has for wallet software these days and use it to tip some people on Yours.comCool...have a bit more to help spread the tips! /u/chaintip 
5	1522938306	2	***u/mike_hearn, you've [been sent](https://explorer.bitcoin.com/bch/address/bitcoincash:qrelay2wh8fyaxc9cm0dxqy205wsya2kccuvwuv4gn) `0.00077833 BCH`| `~   0.50 USD` by u/BitcoinXiovia [chaintip](http://www.chaintip.org). Please [claim it!](http://www.chaintip.org/#claim)***
4	1522939263	6	Yours.org ;-) Don't wanna see you get lost and would love to see some of your blogs or anything you would like to talk about there.  It has become my new home after a bit of censorship on my usual social media platform.
4	1522941799	3	I *think* you should be able to withdraw your tippr balance direct to a yours .org address. Great to hear from you again, so frustrating how things turned out :/ comforting to hear you confirming so many suspicions that I and others had about how things were going on behind the scenes.
4	1522943646	2	You can withdraw direct without even stepping into a wallet -- just get the Yours address and send it to tippr. (You can also get the private key of the Yours address for your wallet so if the site ever disappears, you still have the money.)What's fascinating about Yours is that all interactions are on-chain transactions. This often involves creation of 1 cent outputs (when you vote on an article, your 25 cents gets split up over all previous voters). I think in the brief time I've been on there (~ 1 month) I've accumulated 700 txes involving probably something like 4000 utxos, haha.
4	1522952349	1	FYI, yours.org has a baked-in wallet.  You might be able to send directly from tippr to it.
4	1522936797	-5	What a *darn* shame..***^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^499612 ^^| ^^DM ^^me ^^with: ^^'*blacklist-me*' ^^to ^^be ^^*ignored*
5	1522938467	1	bad bot
6	1522938472	1	Thank you, ImmortanSteve, for voting on Darnit\_Bot.  This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).   ***  ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
6	1522938478	-3	*Darn it* ImmortanSteve, I am not a bad *darn* bot... :c *Beep boop*, I am actually a lovely bot.***^^Darn ^^Counter: ^^499623 ^^| ^^DM ^^me ^^with: ^^'*blacklist-me*' ^^to ^^be ^^*ignored*
3	1522934645	5	u/mike_hearn, you've received `0.00321533 BCH ($2 USD)`!***[^^How to use](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) ^^| [^^What is Bitcoin Cash?](https://learnbitcoin.cash/) ^^| [^^Who accepts it?](https://acceptbitcoin.cash) ^^| ^^Powered ^^by ^^[Rocketr](https://rocketr.net) ^^| ^^r/tippr  ^(Bitcoin Cash is what Bitcoin should be. Ask about it on r/btc)
3	1522944204	2	xD
2	1522943166	1	> I'm not sure why but I'm told Andreas is not supportive of Cash.We're all clueless about this.  It makes me incredibly sad to know that one of the leaders of this revolution has chosen to abandon it.  I know we're only human but it still sucks to see.
1	1522932004	6	There a fork of lighthouse in the bitcoinj-cash project on github.  It builds and the client runs but no one has had time to setup a lighthouse server yet.
2	1522932094	6	Thanks shadders, and thanks for all the work you do as well on BCH.
3	1522936624	8	Yes, thanks to Shadders! It's really a happy thought that all the work I put into Lighthouse (alone!) may not be wasted after all.
1	1522931957	2	Which handle do you remember him using before?
2	1522932052	1	I may have been thinking of his Twitter handle actually.
3	1522932085	3	What's his twitter?
4	1522933700	-17	He's only tweeted a couple of times, I would link but I don't want to get banned. What's your twitter, I can DM you.
5	1522933972	16	You don't get banned for linking Twitter accounts, stop being a troll. /u/Bitcoinopoly, his Twitter is @OctSkyward.
6	1522934441	-24	Maybe Mike didn't want that published on reddit?  Doxxing is serious more serious than calling "bitcoin cash" the second letter in the alphabet cash for which you threatened me with a "Site wide ban" and temporarily banned me from r/btc. 
7	1522934480	12	You're an idiot. 
8	1522935305	-16	Proof > name calling https://twitter.com/hernzzzzzz/status/962360261104381952> You're an idiot.
9	1522935613	9	You really are dense aren't you. I was referring to your statement that posting a major public figure's public Twitter account is the same as doxing. It's not. I won't be responding after this. Good day. 
7	1522942851	3	> the second letter in the alphabet cashWhy are you so fixated on this?
8	1522943906	-2	Fixated on what?
5	1522933708	12	Redditor /u/Hernzzzz has low karma in this subreddit.
6	1522941917	4	No shit! lol.
0	1522936642	7	How do prevent people bloating Corda's state endlessly if there's no crypto currency involved? 
0	1522931663	14	what's your point of view on Selfish Miner? do you think it's a problem that has been brought by the engineers, instead of a real problem? thx for considering
0	1522937823	11	> I used to have a video of this but unfortunately it no longer seems to be on YouTube.Hey Mike. Simon de la Rouviere here. I have some PayFile videos up on my YouTube when I wanted to show some bugs I found whilst I was helping you on it.This showed basic PayFile Micropayment Channels functioning end 2013/early 2014.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xo_h87jdbno&feature=youtu.be Miss having you around & coding in this space. :)
1	1522941714	6	Oh, nice!
0	1522934186	6	Hi u/mike_hearn thanks for answering our questions on r/btc. What do you say to those, who accuse you of 'joining the enemy' that bitcoin is trying to defeat, by working with R3/banks?
1	1522938508	12	[This](http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-12dUm2w0EhM/Vkx978Hfe1I/AAAAAAAABVA/Tii4tXNiEDQ/s1600/pogo.jpg)
0	1522935303	6	What do you think about DASH governance mechanism?What do you think about 10 minutes block interval in BCH - should it be lowered a bit (2.5 minutes), changed radically (like ETH/GHOST) or left alone?
1	1522948073	1	> What do you think about 10 minutes block interval in BCH - should it be lowered a bit (2.5 minutes), changed radically (like ETH/GHOST) or left alone?My name is not Mike, but still I have a strong opinion on this :-)We've seen capacity bottle necks in the ETH network, the so-called "uncle rate", which is sort of equivalent with "orphan rate" in BTC, has been as high as 30%.  That's terrible - this is the sort of problem Core has been warning so much about all the time.  BCH can handle much more traffic than ETH, for two reasons - one is all the optimizations that have gone into Bitcoin Unlimited and Bitcoin Core over the last few years, the other reason is the 10 minute target block interval vs 15 seconds for Ethereum.  So ... better keep those ten minutes there!Within the PoW framework, 15 seconds just doesn't scale.  And still, 15 seconds is quite far from "immediate", for short block intervals to be useful i.e. for the cash register at a busy super market the interval can't be much more than a second.  2.5 minutes too ... it's just no point as I see it.  And if there should be a network split lasting for several minutes, you still need to wait X minutes to be safe against that ... no matter on the block intervals.Without PoW, one can probably forgo the notion of blocks at all - such as Corda does - but within PoW 10 minute block intervals is probably quite OK.  We still have zero-conf - which for all practical purposes are much safer than credit card transactions.  That is, all until some selfish miners decides to do RBF on their mining nodes.
2	1522949949	1	I haven't noticed the exchanges increased the required 12 ETH confirmations for deposits because of any reasons including the orphan rate. Therefore, for the ordinary user ETH (and even LTC) work much better than BCH when confirmations are needed. And thinking confirmations will not be needed because of 0-conf in short term (few years) is naive. Most BU developers also agree that lower block interval has more benefits than downsides. If you don't believe me, ask them.
3	1522952701	1	> I haven't noticed the exchanges increased the required 12 ETH confirmations for deposits because of any reasons including the orphan rate. Therefore, for the ordinary user ETH (and even LTC) work much better than BCH when confirmations are needed.I've had stuck ETH transactions, I've had ETH transactions not going through at all, and I've even had ETH transactions that showed up as confirmed in the chain explorer ... except, with some obscure error message in small print making me really wonder if the transaction actually got through, didn't, or just gone disappeared in the etherworld.From this point of view, BCH is better - it's "fire and forget", the likelihood of a transaction not going through is negligible.  With ETH a zero-conf really can't be trusted.  Even as a sender, I can't trust the transaction to get through - I have to check up if the transaction really went through or not.Yes, conformations are important, but any merchant saying "credit card works" should be happy with 0-conf.In the long term there are always alternatives to 0-conf for immediate transactions in second-layer transactions ... i.e. Lightning, Raven Network, tippr and what-not :-)
0	1522930094	15	Wow. Welcome back u/mike_hearn
1	1522930343	12	How does Corda scale? Onchain or offchain?
2	1522931707	17	Corda uses a similar transaction format to Bitcoin, with inputs and outputs linked by SHA2, but it doesn't use proof-of-work. As a consequence it doesn't need blocks and as a consequence of that there actually is no chain of blocks in Corda (there are chains of transactions). That's why we sometimes call it "DLT" for "distributed ledger technology" instead of a blockchain.So in the context of Corda it doesn't make sense to ask if it scales on-chain or off-chain. The answer is you get a lot of the properties of off-chain systems (scalability, privacy etc) with the good bits of being "on-chain": interested parties can neutrally verify the existence and validity of transactions.The tech white paper explains this is more detail but briefly, imagine Bitcoin running in a mode where the broadcast logic was disabled, and where nobody was finding any blocks. If someone wanted to pay you in such a network they would need your IP address, and they would send you an `inv` packet with the hash of the payment transaction. Your node would look at the inputs and discover it was missing some, so it'd do a `getdata` in response to fetch those transactions. Then it'd look at their inputs in turn and do the same thing recursively until it bottomed out the dependency graph at transactions that were found in the block chain. Corda works something like that. Conflict (double spend) detection is handled by clusters of nodes that run some sort of consensus algorithm between themselves and can sign with multi-sig keys. For instance you could have a cluster using PBFT or similar, with 10-20 different parties, and they'd collectively sign each transaction to assert "there are no double spends of this transaction".When double spends are resolved by checking a threshold signature of a separate group of consensus-forming nodes, this has a number of useful consequences:* No more energy-expensive mining.* Transactions no longer need to be broadcast to everyone. They're only seen by either parties that are involved, or parties that are involved in a transaction that depends on this one. So whilst you can still end up downloading transactions that are nothing to do with you, how much this occurs depends on the connectedness of the dependency graph. For many applications that aren't coins the connectedness is quite low so this is a huge win.* Because only the consensus group (we call these things notaries) needs to see all transactions, low powered Corda nodes can still be fully validating and useful. So scalability is a lot better.* Transactions have finality.* You can avoid the various annoying probabilities and race conditions that make programming with a gossip network  tricky.It has some downsides too. Satoshi went with PoW because he wanted a consensus algorithm with unidentified participants and no join or exit procedure. Corda doesn't provide that.Nodes in a Corda network have a long term identity key and a name. To find them you consult a directory service called the network map. It's the same as Tor in that respect. In the same way that the Tor operators can kick nodes out of their network by removing them from the directory, so too can Corda nodes be removed (or blocked from joining) by the operators of the network map.Corda has this concept of "zones" which are basically like networks or alt coins in bitcoin. They're totally independent systems and because Corda is open source, anyone can create a zone with its own rules. Also each zone has its own network map. So mainnet would be a zone, testnet would be a zone, an alt-coin that only changed a few things like name/port numbers/inflation schedule would be a zone. You don't need to fork the software to create alternative zones, there's a file called the "network parameters" with all the things you can tweak about a network/zone without needing to edit the source code. There's also a system for evolving these parameters, and that's our equivalent of hard forks. The set of allowed notaries (which are in turn intended to be composed of mutually distrusting nodes) is set in the network map.So this is a more structured design than Bitcoin with a more formalised notion of governance. We're setting up a zone which we hope will become the default zone for business, and the current thinking revolves around a written constitution and a Foundation-like governance process. But the details aren't announced yet.The result of all of this is that Corda scales a lot better than Bitcoin, but for payment networks Bitcoin could scale to the required levels with a lot of work anyway without such major design changes.
3	1522941560	3	> So whilst you can still end up downloading transactions that are nothing to do with you, how much this occurs depends on the connectedness of the dependency graph. This sounds very similar to IOTA's DAG, but with a built-in central validator.  Right?> Because only the consensus group (we call these things notaries) needs to see all transactions,How is the history sync'd / stored in the event of data loss?
3	1522938521	4	How do you make sure cluster nodes remain honest ? Is there incentives to run a cluster node ?
4	1522940707	5	If you use a BFT algorithm some can be dishonest and the cluster still works.If all of them become "dishonest" then this would be a repeat of what happened to Bitcoin, in a sense, where miners mounted a DoS attack on the users rather than a 51% attack.The software and protocol has no mechanism to prevent that. The Corda network that we organise will likely use legal contracts to add an extra incentive against all parties going bad simultaneously.
5	1522941241	2	Thanks. Very cool project! And cluster nodes would charge a fee to process transactions ? What is the point of having a native currency in a platform if you can just charge fiat for transactions ? 
0	1522931190	6	Bitcoin Skript, Op codes VS. Corda?
1	1522936364	11	Corda uses JVM bytecode instead of creating its own bytecode set and virtual machine.I've written a lot about why this is the right thing to do in my view, but if you're skeptical about this choice, consider that Ethereum is looking at switching to WebAssembly. Blockchain designers have enough to do already without re-inventing VMs and programming languages - these tools are close enough to what we need already that it makes more sense to adapt and modify than design from scratch.
2	1522947295	1	Does that mean we can write code in Kotlin on Corda?
3	1522950412	2	Absolutely. In fact the examples are written that way. Look at https://docs.corda.net 
4	1522950683	1	Almost too good to be true! <3
0	1522937066	5	Mike - I appreciated all of your work and points of view in the past.  I'm really glad to hear that you've moved on to other successful crypto work.What excites you in the crypto space today?  Have you looked into any other projects like Cordano (intentional naming similarity?), Nano / DAG structures, or anything else?FYI, I'm somewhat convinced that the experiment is still ongoing - it's just that parallelization into other projects was the best route for improvement.  (Thanks for your other comments below about "Does Bitcoin need to use its current protocol at all? If all the technical aspects of Bitcoin changed, leaving only the monetary policy and existing coin balances, would it still be Bitcoin?")>I am SatoshiLove it! :-)
0	1522940293	5	Are there events that you've personally witnessed that can serve as evidence of the takeover of bitcoin? For example these ideological wars have often been found to be fabricated for the benefit of the takeover. We have a growing list https://www.reddit.com/r/btc/comments/7mg4tm/updated_dec_2017_a_collection_of_evidence/If there's anything in particular you'd like to contribute.
0	1522933674	9	You warned us about RBF in your "farewell blog post". They all told you "it's optional, it's optional... Mike you're complaining about the feature like it is important but it is only optional blah blah blah".Now in the latest BCore 0.16 release RBF has been changed from optional to default (with little fanfare) what are your feelings regarding this? Can you remind the BCore community why RBF is so bad, so hopefully someday at least one person can rethink their loyalty to BCore, judging by the way "features" are implemented in a stepping-stone policy so one doesn't notice and complaints aren't listened to.
0	1522939356	9	Hey Mike, You are developer I believed in the most during early Bitcoin years. Especially since you have that corporate experience and background, I saw you as true "professional". Plus, to me it was obvious you truly get Bitcoin from usability perspective and could "see" problems down the road better than your peers. I see you as complete opposite of /u/nullc in a sense that he is this theoretical geek who doesn't give a fuck about real world problems so long his castle in the clouds is safe and secure.Thus looking back - do you think there is something you could've done better to push your vision? Do you regret that ["rage quit" article](https://blog.plan99.net/the-resolution-of-the-bitcoin-experiment-dabb30201f7)? If you could wind clock back and were forced to stay and fight for benefit of all Bitcoiners - how would you do it?
0	1522931867	5	How up-to-date are you news in the ecosystem on a technical level?What obstacles do you see hindering development and adoption of technologies like Graphene and Subchains?
0	1522932226	5	there appears to be many good features in corda, but do you think it will achieve mass adoption?what do you think of the functional programming smart-contract platforms, such as tezos, cardano?
0	1522937305	3	what's the vision behind the corda network and how does it learn from problems with governance in bitcoin's network?
0	1522932451	7	Would you allow Greg Maxwell to join the Corda development team if he wished?
1	1522934799	7	Lol
0	1522934751	5	Some questions about your Corda project:- Is there an ICO for Corda? How does one acquire tokens/coins in it?- Will Corda be trade-able on crypto exchanges? (I looked on CoinMarketCap.com and did not see it)- Does Corda have a fixed coin supply? If so, how many?- Is Corda decentralized? If so, how does the level of decentralization compare with current projects such as BTC, BCH, ETH?- You mentioned that "Corda doesn't use proof of work". What does it use for its security mechanism? Proof of Stake?
1	1522939079	7	It has no native cryptocurrency so there is no ICO.Corda is a system and not a coin, so it is not tradeable on exchanges.It's designed to be as decentralised as possible without sacrificing the other requirements that industrial and financial users need. For example, all business-to-business transactions take place between identified entities, so every Corda node has an identity issued by some "authority". This authority can be compound, and the "identity" can be e.g. a random number, a reddit username or whatever else, but for the Corda network we are creating it's legal name - because that's what exists in the heads of the business users we are building it for. That introduces some centralisation, but it's not very much (the authority here doesn't see your transactions, or know what apps you run, or control your business activity) and it's worth it to get other things.If you look at the direction the web is going, where SSL is becoming near mandatory, then we can see that the web and Corda will end up in very similar places with respect to the level of decentralisation. So if you are happy with the web you should be happy with Corda.Still. It is difficult to make a direct comparison of decentralisation until our network is up and running. The primary bottleneck is the consensus mechanism in any DLT/blockchain system. Corda is un-opinionated about what algorithm you should use here because there is, as of 2018, no one-size-fits-all solution unfortunately. One difficulty in this space is that decentralisation usually costs performance and many customers have heard all about how "blockchains don't scale" (gee, thanks Core) and insist on a system that can go at arbitrary but very high speeds before they will consider it. The usual bar is 1000 transactions per second and if you can't do that you won't be considered. There are BFT algorithms that can go that fast, but BFT consensus was an area that received very little attention before Bitcoin, so some of them aren't open source and others are immature. We have an implementation using the BFT-SMaRT library in the Corda git repository, but some initial customers want speed and don't care much about decentralisation, others want decentralisation and are willing to sacrifice performance. Corda can do both, but to do both in the same network, to the same level of robustness and production maturity, is an interesting challenge.Figuring out how to accommodate these divergent needs is a part of my job.
2	1522939853	3	Interesting. It seems very corporate-level.Would you say you are competing with SWIFT in any realm?SWIFT is essentially a simple transfer of value, much like Bitcoin Cash. The main difference between these two: SWIFT is centralized and Bitcoin Cash is decentralized.As far as analogies go, could Corda be considered the "Ethereum of SWIFT" in that Corda introduces more advanced features, programmability and also some decentralization?
3	1522943264	3	Well in the very abstract sense that SWIFT provides a way to coordinate different organisations, yes. But SWIFT does a lot of things and offers a lot of different services. Corda/R3 doesn't compete with all of them by any means. In fact SWIFT has been experimenting with blockchain technology itself. I hope we will be working closely with them one day. My assumption is that if in future all payment messages are routed via Corda nodes instead of SWIFT queues, SWIFT will still be around and still be doing fine, because they'll still be making themselves useful setting standards, handling KYC/AML and so on.
0	1522932524	6	Thanks for everything you've done for Bitcoin, Mike. We'll never forget!
0	1522935392	3	Hi, Mike,Do you think it is possible to implement a permissionless-like network on top of a PKI based Corda network ? (maybe with 1) notaries owned by foundations, 2) a CA validating all new requests, 3) a governance layer to ban fraudulent nodes)What are you thoughts about Corda nodes (banks) issuing FIAT tokens, opposed to central banks ? It would then produce non-fongible tokens right, as we need to trust the issuing bank ?
1	1522939994	4	Yes. It's easy to do a permissionless network on top of Corda. Just release the private root authority signing key to the world :-) You'd have a few problems if you did that but they are the same problems Bitcoin faces. People could duplicate identities. Under the hood Corda uses public keys to identify entities, just like Bitcoin, but *people* don't. You can't memorise 256 bit points on an elliptic curve, at least not without training in memory techniques like Roman Room. That's why we did BIP 70, so you could prove ownership of a Bitcoin address in a reliable and secure way. If BIP 70 had been widely adopted by the community it would have avoided [this 1.8 million dollar hack](https://cointelegraph.com/news/bitpay-hacked-for-over-18-million-in-bitcoins).Another problem is how to decide what the network parameters are. In Corda zones the answer is, the signing authority for the zone signs a new parameter "epoch". And how do they decide what to sign - well, for the main Corda network it's through a classical governance process. If you released the signing key anyone could sign and then it'd be up to individuals to convince other individuals to install the parameters into their node - just like upgrading to a new Bitcoin node to accept a hard fork.The hard part is the network map. All the Corda APIs work in terms of identities. You don't use broadcast in Corda, instead you send data directly point to point. It gives better privacy for obvious reasons but you need some notion of identity to do that, even if it's just IP address. Corda is open source though. You could create a Bitcoin style `addr` broadcast mechanism to compile network maps.Note that you can be decentralised without a Bitcoin style network. It's a spectrum. Is the web decentralised? Is email? They both rely on DNS. What about Tor? They have a cabal of seven developers who can kick users out of the network.It's a subtle issue.> What are you thoughts about Corda nodes (banks) issuing FIAT tokens, opposed to central banks ? It would then produce non-fongible tokens right, as we need to trust the issuing bank ?My thoughts are that this is the first CorDapp ever written (by me). Check out the app here:https://github.com/corda/corda/blob/master/finance/src/main/kotlin/net/corda/finance/contracts/asset/Cash.kt#L34
1	1522936011	-1	Redditor /u/DrKill77 account age is 0 days.
0	1522936352	3	Do you think Corda could be used in place of Bitcoin as currency? Because from what you describe, Corda sounds more like an internal system for enterprises. What's the target users for Corda?
0	1522936623	3	How do you like evolution of Kotlin so far? Would it be good if bitcoinj is rewriten in it?Lighthouse was a very nice project , any advice or hiccups one should be aware of?
1	1522941666	5	Kotlin is very nice and has worked out well for us. I took a risk by using it because when Corda started, Kotlin hadn't released v1.0 but in the end the bet paid off.You don't have to rewrite Java codebases. IntelliJ has a conversion tool that can rewrite Java into Kotlin, and it's a very high quality conversion, the highest I ever saw. Not just comments and formatting are preserved but common Java patterns are rewritten into the equivalent Kotlin idioms.So you could just feed bitcoinj through that tool and you'd get nice Kotlin out.But it's probably not worth forking the codebase like that unless the original project is fully dead.> Lighthouse was a very nice project , any advice or hiccups one should be aware of?As a user or as a developer wanting to do something similar?
2	1522944173	1	As a developer who want's to resurrect it.I have already made a deep dive in the code and have noticed it checks that the node is xt, but RPC call 'gettxout' now can be found in bitcoin code, so it shouldn't be a problem, or the call is different? I mean can it be used the same way as getutxo ?I run the server locally, it seemed to work, was able to do a pledge and revoke, now I just need to get it up and running on public server.Another thing I noticed missing is a front-end, which was called lighlist.io. I can't find source of that. It was something like gallery of projects uploaded to the server. Is there a source somewhere?
3	1522949535	1	I'm not familiar with gettxout so I don't know. It sounds similar doesn't it? If Cash includes the old XT patches then you can remove the check for XT.lightlist.io was just a community run service that acted as a project gallery. Lighthouse doesn't do discovery of projects. So it filled that gap.If you want to resurrect the project, watch the retrospective talk I linked to. It discusses a lot of the design decisions that went into it.
4	1522949788	1	Yeah I have already saved that, to watch it. There is a bitcoinxt version for cash, so will use that
0	1522942290	3	What would be the point of encrypting the entire ledger such that "no human has access to the raw unencrypted data...?" Given the NSA backdoors found in Intel hardware over the past few years, how can you have confidence that Intel SGX isn't also somehow backdoored?
1	1522943832	5	*edit: just to clarify, I don't think NSA backdoors have been found in Intel CPUs, can you link me to a document about that please*Good question.Mostly it's because SGX is a hardware feature. Let's imagine you work at Intel and want to backdoor Corda. And let's imagine that you are the CEO and can somehow pressure any employee into silence, such that a vast internal conspiracy never comes to light.What can you do?Well, you already shipped lots of chips and they're running inside boxes inside cages inside datacenters that have mantraps and security cameras all over them. So you can't affect the existing hardware.Pre-existing back doors are hard to use. You don't have direct network access to the machines. And if you did hack your way through and then deploy some master backdoor, you'd leave evidence that someone would find the moment they realised they'd been defrauded. It'd be prima-facie evidence that Intel was compromised.You could sign a non-existent CPU key and claim it's a real piece of hardware. OK. But now you have to get your fake chip onto the Corda network. So let's say you rock up to a zone operator and ask to be a member. I'm sure they'd say yes - why not! They'd love to have Intel doing business using Corda in their zone.But. There is a critical feature that matters here. Corda does not use a gossip network. Therefore merely joining a zone does *not* grant you access to any data. To see transaction data you must convince someone else to send it to you. And they will only send it to you if you have a legitimate business reason to know (this is encoded in the form of flow logic). You might learn some random transactions that are dependencies of legitimate payments to Intel for e.g. CPU shipments. But those will be largely random transactions, and it won't be very much data. You probably don't care about small quantities of random data about random firms. Certainly, Barclays will not be sending you transactions related to a massive FX swap they did yesterday because Intel is not a financial firm. So this attack yields little to nothing of any value, yet would have massive reputational cost and due to the number of people that would have to collaborate inside Intel to pull it off, would have a large risk of leaking. Incentives, incentives. SGX isn't perfect - life is full of tradeoffs, and I'd love to move to zero knowledge proofs once the technology has developed further. But Intel backdooring Corda is an extremely unlikely scenario today for the above reasons. We'll manage fine.(also consider the alternative that bitcoin has - no encryption of anything at all. this is not better)
2	1522953374	1	Backdoors:- [Spectre and Meltdown](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2018/04/04/intel_spectre_microcode_updates/), which they will _not_ be fixing. (I'm counting these as backdoors because I've decided Intel is essentially a bad-faith actor, based largely on the next two points.)- The infamous in-chip [MINIX](https://www.zdnet.com/article/minix-intels-hidden-in-chip-operating-system/) install.- The fact that ME [was fiendishly difficult to disable](https://hackaday.com/2016/11/28/neutralizing-intels-management-engine/) until [a secret flag was discovered](https://it.slashdot.org/story/17/08/29/2239231/researchers-find-a-way-to-disable-intel-me-component-courtesy-of-the-nsa), which was most likely included so the NSA could have relatively secure machines.These are the things I know about off the top of my head. I would be shocked if these were the only such exploits out there, and I would be furthermore shocked if the NSA didn't have a hand in them. (Why settle for a single backdoor which could be discovered and closed at any given moment?)
0	1522942707	3	What would you say to someone who points out how much Bitcoin has continued to grow after you declared it a failed project?If you're pointing to future failures that you forsee, how can you justify predictions that both appear to be incorrect to date and rely on future unknown events?Serious question, not trying to be rude, just want to hear your response.
0	1522943623	3	Glad to see you're still active!In 2012-2013 you had started a discussion on the BCT forums about black and whiltelists. I recall posting that it was a bad idea and your reply was along the lines of saying that if the community does not explore the issue, we'd be unprepared when it actually happened.Now that the idea is being floated publicly by authorities, finally approaching the reality you forecast, do you see any possibility for mediating the threat?On a different note, what are your thoughts on byzantine fault tolerance vs. byzantine fault detection?
0	1522946499	3	If you could go back in time, would you do something different with Bitcoin XT roll out?
0	1522947395	3	The fact that two years later there is still such an outpouring of support for you is a testament to the impact you've had and continue to have on Bitcoin. There's so many great questions in this thread that I won't ask one, I'd just like to say that I hope you will (one day) reconsider your decision not to return to Bitcoin. Mad respect for you and Gavin. Please use this for tipping when you get around to checking out Yours: $20 /u/tipprAnother project you might be interested in checking out is JoyStream: https://medium.com/@JoyStream/joystream-live-on-bitcoin-cash-fd7cf0ed6ef8
1	1522947425	0	u/mike_hearn, you've received `0.03154096 BCH ($20 USD)`!***[^^How to use](https://np.reddit.com/r/tippr/wiki/index) ^^| [^^What is Bitcoin Cash?](https://learnbitcoin.cash/) ^^| [^^Who accepts it?](https://acceptbitcoin.cash) ^^| ^^Powered ^^by ^^[Rocketr](https://rocketr.net) ^^| ^^r/tippr  ^(Bitcoin Cash is what Bitcoin should be. Ask about it on r/btc)
0	1522933779	4	"But what I'm best known for is my role in the block size debate/civil war..." - And you've been right all these while. The sad thing is that those Blockstream assholes managed to remove Bitcoin from your life. People like me is continuing the fight against these assholes because I don't give in, especially not to the BTC assholes. Anything important worth doing is never easy; you meet lots of assholes along the way.So my question is, now that Bitcoin Cash is pretty much continuing what Bitcoin XT once stood for, what would make you come back to continue help bring decentralized peer to peer cash to the whole world?
0	1522935972	5	As someone who has had contact with Satoshi, do you think his identity will become known within the next 20-30 years?
0	1522936101	4	Do you still keep in contact with CSW, Roger Ver and Gavin Andresen?
0	1522932890	5	Thank you Mike for your contributions to this space.
0	1522932382	6	Why would you not consider returning as a dev (even just spare/ part time)  for BCH peer reviewing the code for example? When it is addressing the scaling issues in a way that is closer to what you previously supported Edit: also any chance of pic of you holding a piece of paper with your Reddit username and today’s date & r/BTC AMA!! written on it.Prove it’s you Thanks!
0	1522938490	5	Thank you for taking the time to do this AMA and the huge amount of work you did for Bitcoin back in the day. Many of us from back then have not forgotten, and we owe you a debt of gratitude for that.Where do you see cryptocurrencies in 10 years?Do you think that if the miners would have implemented a hardfork (ignoring hashrate percentage) earlier on in the debate, our side of the fork would have ended up with a majority?
0	1522931625	2	Welcome back. Sadly to hear that you do not support Bitcoin community with your return in difficult times.How Corda can remain decentralized without PoW?
0	1522939835	2	Do you have any plans of contributing to your revived project https://github.com/bitcoinj-cash/bitcoinj ?What is the incentive for me to run Corda if there is no coinbase or reward? And also, will you join the [Datnoid Community](https://datnoid.com)?  
1	1522941566	9	I don't have the time, energy or interest to contribute to Bitcoin open source projects anymore. Sorry.
0	1522941314	2	Do you accept that you released a big block protocol too early? (there were no full blocks back when you released and tried to push XT)As always envisioned by Satoshi it was the MINERS that voted to change the protocol last year when finally the blocks became full and HAD TO save Bitcoin by forking to Bitcoin Cash because otherwise Bitcoin would have been abandoned due to 50 dollar and rising tx fees.You as a developer without miner support having tried to push big blocks at a moment when it was not needed for miners is a clear proof that developers cant control Bitcoin, only miners can. “1 hashpower = 1 vote” - Satoshi. “1 code of line = worthless” - miners if it has no economic incentive for the miner.You seem in full support of Bitcoin Cash, but are scared to say so because of backlash of Core plebs. Good luck tho.
0	1522943515	2	Mike, Many people have asked how Bitcoin Cash could improve to avoid another block size debacle.  I've seen a lot of references to the need for better **governance** in your responses. Would something like a Dash's DAO/governance system achieve what you are aiming for?  What do you think of Dash's approach?  Should Bitcoin Cash implement something similar, does Corda have something similar? 
0	1522943672	2	Working and don't have enough time to be part of this AMA.Just wanted to say that I miss you man.All the luck in your future endeavours and I hope that one day you'll be back programming and improving the Bitcoin Cash network
0	1522944367	2	Mike: If you ever have some free time and want to amuse yourself, come to ambassador.cash,hang out at the Bitcoin Cash Fund Discord channel for a while - we made an emoji of you, and use it quite often.
0	1522945268	2	In a perfect world where is Corda in twenty years?
0	1522945488	2	Hello Mike, Thanks for everything.What is in your words the difference between corda and Quorum from a use case perspective?Good luck!
0	1522945676	2	What are your thoughts on the lightning network? Seems the base layer is being destroyed and eventually all that will be used will be lighting. 
0	1522948583	2	Thoughts on Greg Maxwell leaving Blockstream?
0	1522933871	1	You've worked in the past for UK government security services (GCHQ etc) in some capacity. Can you tell us what that capacity was and whether you still work for them? 
1	1522934543	16	I have never worked for GCHQ! In fact, I didn't work for them to such a massive extent that there's an entire newspaper article about me NOT working for them:https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2013/nov/06/google-nsa-gchq-spying-judicial-processI think the origins of that rumour are that when I was a student I did summer work for QinetiQ, a private defence contractor that was created when the UK privatised most of Ministry of Defence Research (DERA). I worked on a project to track databases for tank simulators. It turned out the MoD at the time had a problem where it kept re-flying the same parts of the UK to calculate topological models for tank simulators, because nobody was keeping track of which parts of the country had been surveyed. It was quite a boring project to be honest. I finished it early and they paid me to do some work on the Wine project instead :)
2	1522935004	16	>I think the origins of that rumour are that when I was a student I did summer work for QinetiQ,You can thank Greg Maxwell and company for this rumor. He perpetuated it at every chance he got during the XT block size days. 
2	1522949354	1	Thanks for the reply. I remember the QinetiQ thing now, thanks for clarifying. 
1	1522944454	1	Unsurprising that a Core boy should regurgitate this.
0	1522934539	4	Hey Mike, nice to hear from you again!Could Corda be used together with bitcoin cash? 
0	1522937641	4	>I am Satoshi.>Just kidding. I'm not Satoshi. Does AMA on Satoshi's listed birthday. Coincidence?
0	1522939031	4	I realize the development is young, but what are your thoughts on Lightning Networks (or Raiden Networks on Ethereum)? It seems to take advantage of some concepts you and Satoshi had discussed a few years ago.
0	1522932877	2	Hi Mike, any opinion on Segwit2x, how it came about and how it unravelled? Was its failure a great victory over corrupt corporations trying to force concensus changes on pure decentralized Bitcoin; as it was characterized?And are average transaction fees in excess of $50 a reason to toast "champaign" because they prove that "market behaviour is indeed producing activity levels that can pay for security without inflation, and also producing fee paying backlogs needed to stabilize consensus progress as the subsidy declines?"
0	1522933672	2	1- what is your favourite language, and why?2- ripple seems to bring electronic payments to eu-USA. While WeChat brings it in China What do you think of this projects? If adopter wouldn’t they kill bitcoin’s decentralization idea?3- monero is privacy based, fighting antMiner and community-maneged? Do you like that project?4, if you want. You get more money by Bitcoin project or by google? Is your switch for cash or for ideological motivation?
0	1522938559	1	Hello, sir! I'm a relatively new user to the cryptosphere, but I've read about the work you've done for Bitcoin back in the early days and would like to thank you.&nbsp;Seeing as this is an AMA, I would like to ask you a question regarding Corda, as that is your current field of work. You mentioned above that you can store attachments in transactions. Is this something like an extension of OP_RETURN in Bitcoin?
0	1522939130	2	Do you own any BCH? If not, do you have a BCH donation address? I'm sure many in the community would like to thank you for the role you played in getting to where we are. The most courageous are the ones who volunteer to charge the wall first.
1	1522944223	2	He already wrote in this thread that he doesn't own any BCH.But someone tipped him a few dollars worth, which he wants to spend on Yours.org. So you could try just tipping him a little as well.
0	1522932256	1	Hi Mike.  I am disappointed you aren't planning on making a Bitcoin comeback.  I still would like to ask you about it.Is bitcoin made in China?How do we exclude bad actors from Bitcoin governance?What is the best use of bitcoin?Can you see the end of fiat?
0	1522937939	2	Your leaving the project convinced me that the hard problems now for creating a new monetary system are social/political and not technical, not that the technical challenges are trivial.  What are your thoughts on how to make these ecosystems manageable so that people can work cohesively and not in conflict.Thanks for all you did for bitcoin Mike, and I am sorry you were treated so poorly.
0	1522941151	1	What do you think about the new CashAddr format for Bitcoin Cash? Notably that the old Base58 format disallowed confusing characters i.e. lowercase L (l), capital i (I), capital o (O) and number zero (0) for manual input/backup. But now CashAddr disallows number one (1), but allows number zero (0) and lowercase L (l). Do you think that is confusing for new users that once used Bitcoin but now use Bitcoin Cash and are unfamiliar with the new format when inputting an address manually?
0	1522941550	1	What do you think about maximum block size upgrades via hard fork every year vs just having a dynamic algorithm which adjusts upwards as necessary based on the average number of transactions over x days but still leaves x MB (or a reasonable percentage) in spare capacity for peak traffic?
0	1522941933	1	I remember a few years ago you were involved in a discussion about 'black listing' or 'white listing' coins on the bitcoin blockchain. I believe you supported this idea. Do you still do and have you implemented something like this in Corda?
0	1522942306	1	What will prevent fees going out of control in future if Bitcoin Cash jumps to $10,000 or even $100,000 or $1 million in the near future? Currently most wallets and nodes are accepting 1 Sat/B. This might end up being a few dollars or more ruling out a lot of use cases like micropayments or just making it too expensive to purchase coffee. Would it be better to lock in say 1 Sat per standard 250 byte transaction? But even that would not last forever and you might need to add decimal places to the currency in future. So how do you get miners to agree to that and still keep fees reasonable? At the moment they should be self sustainable from the block reward alone. But in a hundred years they'll need large volumes of transactions and every transaction paying tiny fees to remain profitable.
0	1522942812	1	I find it intriguing that you were involved with Bitcoin in it's early months peripherally. Left. Then appeared on the forum 1 day after Satoshi retired from the forum. And within a few months of returning, you became the biggest influence to Bitcoin's future success. What made you come back to Bitcoin in December 2010? What did you see that wasn't there in 2009?Why do you think that so many of the early coins mined presumably by Satoshi are still unmoved? Do you think Satoshi lost or didn't care about the private keys because they had no value? Or do you think he was anticipating a reset/new genesis once all the kinks were smoothed out?
0	1522942916	1	What are your thoughts on current bch developer team?
0	1522943851	1	How to recover bitcoins from a lighthouse wallet? :-)
0	1522944435	1	Did you under-estimate the persuasiveness of small blockers' arguments?And why was sharding never mentioned during the entire debate, do you think it can work on bitcoin/bch?What do you think of this idea of competing with code rather than with words?And, moving forward, why do you think forking is not "the" governance process?
0	1522944958	1	Hi Mr Mike, I have read all the questions and each of your answers! I observe that he is a very respected person!I want to know if you are ignoring the various projects that BitcoinCash has (just mentioned to Yours.org) in a deliverable way "I do not know with what purpose, maybe to market your projects" or the obvious ones so as not to extend in giving an evaluation according to His point of view? I hope you do not think that my comment (questions) are a way to attack you, I am not the one to perform such action! It causes me curiosity since I belong to the BCF community and you can see how you mention the foundation of ethereum and not the BCH for example, I support your point in which you say that actions, processes, plans, etc. are missing to make it more BCH , but I think the ideal would also be to recognize the efforts that are made so far.What advice can you give, regarding the impersonation of fiat by cryptocurrencies?
0	1522945116	1	Who is the real identity of Satoshi?
0	1522945411	1	Hi Mike, thanks for dropping in. What are your thoughts on the BCH hard fork to 32mb blocks in 5/6 weeks, 0-conf security and weak blocks?
0	1522946548	1	Are you focusing on projects with an aversion to crypto or would you work on a project that had crypto in the periphery?Your autonomous car talk continues to inspire and I wonder if the crypto aspect of a project like that would keep you away from it if given the opportunity
0	1522946677	1	Hi there,I have rather a general question. Which cryptocurrencies do you consider as promising and which you would consider as failed in the long run? There is so much going on. So I thought maybe you have some overview ;)
0	1522948841	1	You said "The Bitcoin experiment has failed."Do you really think we'll *never* have Bitcoin replace fiat?It sounds like you failed and you're psychologically projecting your failure onto the entire Bitcoin scene. I'm not sure if I even want you back. Your mind has to be 100% in the game, why else play? Prove me wrong, I'd welcome solid contributions, but this scene needs more thick-skinned individuals and less drama.
0	1522950406	1	Great read. This says "To Be Continued". Everything you said is still relevant.Can we get part II soon!?https://medium.com/@octskyward/the-capacity-cliff-586d1bf7715e
0	1522950523	1	I remember a video where you propose use national passports to avoid sybill attacks (I think it was for bitcoin governance).  I started to consider you (and Gavin) that you will not have the strength to handle the (what I see as inevitable) upcoming nation states attacks and I leaned towards Core side.  Would you prefer a defiant anonymous uncensored Bitcoin or a tamed version with much more traffic but appeases policymakers? 
0	1522937292	1	Thanks for your time in doing this! Can you clear the role of non-mining full nodes? What is their role in the network, if any? Should we aim to have as many as possible or as few as possible?
0	1522937544	1	Thank you Mike for doing the AMA(1) Do you think Selfish mIning is viable economically now in bitcoin & bitcoin cash ?(2) Do you think VISA & Mastercard will become miners one day ?(3) Do you have good opinion about CSW(not asking if he is Satoshi) ?we badly need a reputated bitcoin cash Point of Sale device come to market(tied to coinbase) , so that we can market to merchants. 
0	1522938466	1	I see you recommended A Conflict of Visions by Thomas Sowell in this thread. Any other book recommendations?
0	1522939679	1	Do you think channelization scaling and lack of consensus in channels on private permissioned PBFT blockchains is a problem, and was that your inspiration for designing Corda?
0	1522949625	1	scammmers, scammers everywhere, beware!
0	1522947473	0	Your farewell blog post said that you sold all of your coins, which I might imagine was a large amount.  I believe the price was somewhere around $400 at that time (early 2016).How hard have you been punching yourself in the face over this move, given the price performance of the last year?
0	1522942635	-6	AMA request from someone who has thought Bitcoin (Bitcoin cash) is a failure and doesn't want to return. Real clever r/btc.
1	1522943893	5	We can handle critical views around here. It gives the chance to improve and avoid mistakes.
2	1522946614	-2	Maybe you don't get that he thinks Bitcoin in and of itself, as designed by Satoshi, is a failure. There's no constructive criticism in there, he doesn't even want to talk about Bitcoin according to his first post:->I don't plan on returning to Bitcoin but **if you'd like to know what sort of things I'd have been researching or doing, ask about these things.**The guy is narcissistic. He began the thread thinking its going to be marketing for his new projects.
3	1522948181	2	Oh I get that.When someone has a different opinion than I do, it doesn't mean I can't learn from them.There are so many interesting responses in this AMA, that it's certainly been worth listening. He did talk about Bitcoin quite a lot, more than we can actually expect. Just because he would prefer to share some things that are of more interest to him right now, I don't see why he shouldn't prefer to be asked about those things.Keep and open mind, and play less armchair psychologist.
